.clang-format
.github/FUNDING.yml
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.yml
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/config.yml
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.yml
.github/workflows/rssguard.yml
.gitignore
.gitmodules
.readthedocs.yaml
CMakeLists.txt
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE.md
README.md
aqt/settings.ini
crowdin.yml
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/source/_static/style.css
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/contrib/bugs.md
docs/source/contrib/compile.md
docs/source/contrib/localization.md
docs/source/contrib/migrate.md
docs/source/contrib/papi.md
docs/source/donations.md
docs/source/downloads.md
docs/source/features/browseradblock.md
docs/source/features/cli.md
docs/source/features/db.md
docs/source/features/dbcleaning.md
docs/source/features/downloader.md
docs/source/features/filters.md
docs/source/features/gui-concepts.md
docs/source/features/images/about-skins.png
docs/source/features/images/account-menu.png
docs/source/features/images/accounts.png
docs/source/features/images/adblock.png
docs/source/features/images/discover-feeds.png
docs/source/features/images/downloader-view.png
docs/source/features/images/downloader-window.png
docs/source/features/images/feed-details.png
docs/source/features/images/filters-dialog.png
docs/source/features/images/gui-dark.png
docs/source/features/images/label-assign.png
docs/source/features/images/label-dialog.png
docs/source/features/images/label-menu.png
docs/source/features/images/notif.png
docs/source/features/images/query-dialog.png
docs/source/features/images/rssguard-window.png
docs/source/features/images/scrape-post.png
docs/source/features/images/scrape-source-type.png
docs/source/features/labels.md
docs/source/features/mediaplayer.md
docs/source/features/notifications.md
docs/source/features/regex.md
docs/source/features/scraping.md
docs/source/features/skins.md
docs/source/features/userdata.md
docs/source/index.rst
docs/source/requirements.txt
docs/source/supported-os.md
docs/source/supported-readers.md
docs/source/variants.md
docs/source/what.md
localization/CMakeLists.txt
localization/qtbase_cs.ts
localization/qtbase_da.ts
localization/qtbase_de.ts
localization/qtbase_es.ts
localization/qtbase_fi.ts
localization/qtbase_fr.ts
localization/qtbase_he.ts
localization/qtbase_it.ts
localization/qtbase_ja.ts
localization/qtbase_lt.ts
localization/qtbase_nl.ts
localization/qtbase_pl.ts
localization/qtbase_pt_BR.ts
localization/qtbase_pt_PT.ts
localization/qtbase_ru.ts
localization/qtbase_sv.ts
localization/qtbase_uk.ts
localization/qtbase_zh_CN.ts
localization/qtbase_zh_TW.ts
localization/rssguard_cs.ts
localization/rssguard_da.ts
localization/rssguard_de.ts
localization/rssguard_en.ts
localization/rssguard_en_GB.ts
localization/rssguard_en_US.ts
localization/rssguard_es.ts
localization/rssguard_fi.ts
localization/rssguard_fr.ts
localization/rssguard_gl.ts
localization/rssguard_he.ts
localization/rssguard_hi.ts
localization/rssguard_hu.ts
localization/rssguard_id.ts
localization/rssguard_it.ts
localization/rssguard_ja.ts
localization/rssguard_lt.ts
localization/rssguard_lv.ts
localization/rssguard_nl.ts
localization/rssguard_no.ts
localization/rssguard_pl.ts
localization/rssguard_pt.ts
localization/rssguard_pt_BR.ts
localization/rssguard_ru.ts
localization/rssguard_sk.ts
localization/rssguard_sv.ts
localization/rssguard_tr.ts
localization/rssguard_uk.ts
localization/rssguard_vi.ts
localization/rssguard_zh_CN.ts
localization/rssguard_zh_TW.ts
resources/android/AndroidManifest.xml
resources/android/build.gradle
resources/android/gradle.properties
resources/android/gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.jar
resources/android/gradle/wrapper/gradle-wrapper.properties
resources/android/gradlew
resources/android/gradlew.bat
resources/android/local.properties
resources/android/res/drawable-ldpi/icon.png
resources/android/res/values/libs.xml
resources/desktop/CMakeLists.txt
resources/desktop/rssguard.desktop.in
resources/desktop/rssguard.metainfo.xml.in
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/CVnamespace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/PrePostCondition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/accept_signal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/accept_time_event.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/acrobat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/activity-fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/actor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/add-placemark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/add-subtitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/address-book-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/aggregation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/animal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/animation-stage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/answer-correct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/answer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/antivignetting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/application-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/application-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/appointment-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/approved.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/archive-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/archive-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/archive-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/artifact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/artistictext-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/atmosphere.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/auto-transition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/auto-type.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/autocorrection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/backgroundtool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/backup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bboxnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bboxprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/beamerblock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/beamerframe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bigskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/black_sum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/blurfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/blurimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/borderpainter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bordertool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/branch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/bwtonal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/call-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/call-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/call-voicemail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/calligraphy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/callout-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cards-block.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/category2parent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cell_edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cell_layout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/channelmixer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/character-set.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/charcoaltool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/check_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/checkbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/child2category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/choice-rhomb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/choice-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/chronometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/circular-arrow-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/class-or-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/clock-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/clock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cloud-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-block.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-function.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-typedef.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/code-variable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/collapse-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-gradient.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-mode-black-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-mode-hue-shift-negative.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-mode-hue-shift-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-mode-invert-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-mode-invert-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colorfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colormanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colorneg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/colors-luma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/combined_fragment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/compass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/composite-track-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/composite-track-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/composite-track-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/composition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/configure_kile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/configure_project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/contact-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/containment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/contrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/convert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/coordinate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/createpath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cross-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/curve-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/database-change-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/database-index.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/datatype.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dblatex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/deep-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/delete-comment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/delete-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dependency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/depth16to8.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/depth8to16.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/description.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dfrac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/diag_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/diag_class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/diag_component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dirsync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/discrete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/displaymathmode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distortionfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/distribute-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-export-ocal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-export-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-import-ocal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-open-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-revert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-save-as-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-save.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-scan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/document-swap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/documentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/documentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dontknow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/download-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/download-later.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/drag-surface.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-circle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-cross.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-donut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-highlight.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-rectangle-rounded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-star.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dvipdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dvipng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dvips.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dvisearch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/earthquake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clone-unlink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-clone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-comment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-cut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-delete-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-entry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-find.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-line-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-map.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-opacity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-paste.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-redo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-rename.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit-undo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edit_animation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/editimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/editpath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/edittext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/ellipse-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/embosstool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/emph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/end_of_life.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/end_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entrance_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entry-clone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entry-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entry-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/entry-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/enum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/enumerate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/errornext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/errorprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exception.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exifinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/exit_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/expand-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filegrep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-artist-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-divider.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/filmgrain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/final_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/find-location.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/fingerprint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flashlight-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flashlight-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/flower-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/folder-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/folder-stash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/folder-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/followmouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/font-disable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/font-enable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/food.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/foreignkey_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-add-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-bl-tr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-tl-br.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-external.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-set-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-border-style.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-break-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-currency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-join-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-node-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-code.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-underline-squiggle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/freerotation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-achievements.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-background.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-board.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-options.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-difficult.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-endturn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-highscores.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/games-solve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/geany-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gearhead-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/generalisation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/generalise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/globe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-autofilter-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-autofilter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-autosum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-bucket.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-cells-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-cells-split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-column-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-column-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-column-hide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-column-size.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-component-insert-shaped.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-data-slicer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-accounting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-diag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-double-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-inside-horiz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-outside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-rev-diag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-thick-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-thick-outside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-double-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-thick-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-precision-decrease.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-precision-increase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-format-thousand-separator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-formulaguru.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-graphguru.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-email.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-external.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-link-url.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-button.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-checkbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-combo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-label.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-scrollbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-object-spinbutton.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-cell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-pages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-protection-no.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-protection-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-row-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-row-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-row-hide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-row-size.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-ungroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gnumeric-visible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-down-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-down-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-first-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-first.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-home-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-jump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-last-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-last.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next-use.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-up-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-up-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gpg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gpgsm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gradient.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/group-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/group-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-index.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-no.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-tab-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-tab-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/handle-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/handle-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/handle-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/handle-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-contextual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-latex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hexagon-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hide_table_column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hide_table_row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hidemouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/high-brightness.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/hotpixels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-aim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-facebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-google.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-icq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-irc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-jabber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-msn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-qq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-skype.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-twitter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-user-away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-user-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/im-youtube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/imagecomment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/initial_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/inpainting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/input-mouse-click-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/input-mouse-click-middle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/input-mouse-click-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-button.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insert-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/insertcell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/interface.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/internet-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/invertimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-operator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/irc-voice.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/item.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/itemize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/join.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/journal-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/junction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-composite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-no-composite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-ripple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-rolling.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-slide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-slip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/key-enter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-disable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/keyframe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmousetool_off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmousetool_on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/knotes_date.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/know.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kontact-import-wizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kontes_close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_combine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_advanced.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_catalog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_colors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_constellationart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_planets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_stars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kstars_xplanet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/kt-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/l2h.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/label-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/label.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-1x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-2x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-3x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-4x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-5x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-editbreaklayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-editgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-edithlayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-editvlayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-matrix-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-matrix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-plot-axis-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-workbook-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-workbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-worksheet-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-worksheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-segments.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-filter-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-transform-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-interpolation-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-xy-smoothing-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/language-chooser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/languages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/latex-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/latex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lensautofix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/license.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lighttable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/linear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lines-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-add-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-add-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/lock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/love-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/love.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/low-brightness.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-deleted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-download-later.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-download-now.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-queue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-queued.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-signed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mail-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/makeidx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/map-flat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/map-globe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/map-mercator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/markasblank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/math0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mathmode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/measure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-album-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-mount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-append.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-play.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/media-track-show-active.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/medskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/menu_new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/milestone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/minuet-chords.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/minuet-intervals.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/minuet-rhythms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/minuet-scales.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mode1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mode2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mode3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mode4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mode5.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/modified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/motion_path_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/mpost.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/msgid2msgstr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/multirow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/music-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/music-note-16th.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/network-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/new-command-alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/newline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/nextfuzzy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/nextfuzzyuntrans.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/nextuntranslated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/nocover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-break.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-delete-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-join-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-join.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-transform.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-type-auto-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-type-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-type-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node-type-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/noisereduction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/note.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/notifications-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/notifications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/nroot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-columns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-front.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-rows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/object_node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-forecast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/office-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/offline-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/oilpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/output_win.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/overexposure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/overflow-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/page-2sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/page-3sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/page-4sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/page-simple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/page-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/paint-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/paper-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/password-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/password-generate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/password-show-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/password-show-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-mode-bezier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-mode-polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-mode-spiro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-reverse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/path-simplify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pathshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pdflatex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pdftex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pentagon-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/perspective.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/player-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/player-volume.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/plugins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/port.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/postalcode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/practice-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/practice-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/practice-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/precondition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preferences-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/presence_away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/presence_offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/presence_online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/presence_unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/prevfuzzy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/prevfuzzyuntrans.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview-add-zone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview-remove-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview-remove-zone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview-render-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview-render-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview_math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/preview_sel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/prevuntranslated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/primarykey_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/process-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-defaults.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-development-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project_add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project_archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project_rebuild.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project_remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/project_show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/projectgrep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/ps2pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/qa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/quickwizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/raindrop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/realization.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/rectangle-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/redeyes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/refactor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/refreshstructure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/region.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/relation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/relationship.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/remove-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/removecell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/resource-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/restoration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/reverse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/roll.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/routeplanning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/rss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-file.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-clean.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/run-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/screen-rotate-auto-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/screen-rotate-auto-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/scriptnew.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/scriptopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/secure-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/send_signal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/set-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/settings-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shallow-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shape-choose.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shape-cuboid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shapes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-all-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-gpu-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show_table_column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/show_table_row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sidebar-expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skg-chart-bubble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_credit_card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_much_less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_much_more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/skrooge_type.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/slanted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smallclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smallfrac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smallskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smartnewline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smiley-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smiley-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smiley.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-angle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-bounding-box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-grid-guide-intersections.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-intersection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-nodes-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap-text-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/social.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sort-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sort-presence.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sort_incr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/speaker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/special_paste.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/specific-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/speedometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/spiral-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/spreadsheetshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/sqrt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/standard-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/star-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/start-over.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/state-fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stateshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/statetool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_ChargedParticle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_CircularMotor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Controller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_CoulombForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Gas.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_GasParticle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Graph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_GravitationForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_LinearMotor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Meter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Note.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Particle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Rope.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_SoftBody.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Spring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_Tracer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/step_object_WeightForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stickers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/story-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/straight-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-cap-bevel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-cap-butt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-cap-miter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-cap-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-cap-square.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-join-bevel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-join-miter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-join-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/strong.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/structure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/subsystem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/svn-commit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/svn-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/swap-panels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-log-out-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-save-session.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-suspend-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-switch-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-detach.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tab-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-assigned.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-events.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-places.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-recents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/task-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/texcompiler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/texlion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-field-framed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-field-frameless.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-field.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-flow-into-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-speak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-unflow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text-wrap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_horz_kern.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_remove_kerns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_rotation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_vert_kern.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/text_word_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/texture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-lift.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-overwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-animator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-measure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-spray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_cellformatting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_color_picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_flood_fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_free_form_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_imageeffects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_pagelayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_pen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_rect_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_references.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_review.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_spraycan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tool_text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/tools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/torrents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-browse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-crop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-move-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-move-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-scale-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-scale-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-scale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-skew-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transform-skew-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/transsearch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/trim-margins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/trim-to-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/typewriter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-message-found.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-message-lost.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbr-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_deployment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/underexposure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/uniassociation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/unique_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/unlock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/unmarkasblank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/upindicator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/upload-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/usecase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-others.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/username-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-branch-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-branch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-commit-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-commit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-diff-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-diff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-merge-request.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-pull.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-push.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-remove-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-stash-pop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-stash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-status-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/vcs-update-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/verb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/verbatim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-bank-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-bank-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-bank-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-bank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-barcode-qr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-barcode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-catalog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-categories-expenditures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-categories-incomes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-conversation-balloon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-currency-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-reopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-budget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-expense.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category-income.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-form-action.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-form.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-grid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-hidden.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-institution-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-institution-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-institution-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-left-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-list-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-list-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-album-cover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-genre.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-playcount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-similarartists.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-title.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pages-continuous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pages-facing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pages-overview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pages-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-own.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-process-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-restore.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-right-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-right-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sort-ascending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sort-descending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-split-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-statistics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-task-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-task-child.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-unsplit-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-visible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/view_fit_to_page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewlog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/virtual-desktops.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/visibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wallet-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wallet-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/warnnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/warnprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/whitebalance.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/widget-alternatives.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-keep-above.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-keep-below.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-maximize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-minimize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-restore.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-shade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-unpin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window-unshade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/window.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wizard_math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wizard_pdftools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wizard_pstools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/wizard_tabular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-albums.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xfsm-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/y-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zone-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zone-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-original.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-out-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-pixels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/22/zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/acrobat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/address-book-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-horizontal-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/application-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/application-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/appointment-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/archive-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/archive-insert-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/archive-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/archive-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-down-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-left-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-right-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-up-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/autocorrection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/blurimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/bookmark-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/bookmark-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/bordertool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/call-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/call-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/collapse-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/color-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/color-picker-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/color-picker-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/color-picker-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/colormanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/colors-chromablue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/colors-chromagreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/colors-chromared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/colors-luma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/compass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/configure-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/cursor-cross.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/dialog-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/dialog-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/dialog-ok-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/dialog-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-new-from-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-open-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-open-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-preview-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-print-direct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-revert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-save.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/document-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/draw-arrow-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/draw-arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/draw-arrow-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/draw-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-delete-shred.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-redo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/edit-undo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/expand-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/file-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/file-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/financial-budget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/financial-payees.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/flashlight-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/flashlight-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/folder-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/format-stroke-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/games-config-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/games-config-options.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-halign-distributed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-distributed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-justify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-down-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-first.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-jump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-last.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-next-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-parent-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-previous-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-up-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gtk-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/gtk-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/help-donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/help-whatsthis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-attachment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-deleted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-encrypted-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-encrypted-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-forwarded-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-forwarded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-invitation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-junk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-notjunk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-mark-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-message-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-queue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-queued.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-reply-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-reply-custom-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-reply-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-reply-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-reply-sender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signature-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signed-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signed-fully.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signed-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signed-verified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-signed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-tagged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-thread-watch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/mail-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playback-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playback-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playback-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playlist-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playlist-repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-playlist-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-repeat-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-repeat-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-repeat-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-seek-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-seek-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-skip-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/media-skip-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/object-order-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/object-order-front.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/object-order-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/object-order-raise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/office-chart-pie.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/output_win.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/overflow-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/page-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/percent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/preferences-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/qa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/screen-rotate-auto-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/screen-rotate-auto-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/settings-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/step_object_Controller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-log-out-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-save-session.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-suspend-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-switch-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/taxes-finances.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/tool-pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/tools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/trim-margins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/trim-to-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-barcode-qr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-calendar-holiday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-left-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-list-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-list-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-list-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-list-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-right-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-right-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-sort-ascending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-sort-ascending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-sort-descending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-sort-descending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/view-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/window-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/xfsm-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-1-to-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-2-to-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-fit-best.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-fit-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-fit-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-fit-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-fit-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-in-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-original.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-out-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-select-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/32/zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/draw-freehand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-categories.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-forecast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-investments.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/financial-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/view-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/48/view-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/64/go-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/64/media-default-album.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/64/media-default-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/64/view-institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/address-book-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/application-exit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/appointment-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/bookmark-add-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/builder-view-left-pane-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/call-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/call-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/call-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/call-voicemail-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/change-date-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/collapse-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/color-profile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/color-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/comment-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/contact-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-edit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-open-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-print-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-properties-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-save-as-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-save-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/document-send-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/drag-handle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-copy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-cut-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-delete-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-move-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-paste-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/expand-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/export-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/extension-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/file-catalog-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/file-library-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/file-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/filter-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/folder-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/font-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-bottom-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-down-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-home-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-top-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/go-up-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/histogram-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-crop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-invert-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-navigator-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-resize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-image-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-link-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/insert-text-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/list-add-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/list-remove-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-inbox-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/mail-send-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/map-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-eject-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-record-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/object-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/open-menu-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/palette-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-down-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/pan-up-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/process-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/screen-rotate-auto-off-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/screen-rotate-auto-on-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/send-to-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/special-effects-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/star-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/tab-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/tools-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-continuous-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-dual-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-grid-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-list-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-more-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-presentation-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-private-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-refresh-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-restore-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-today-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-unscheduled-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-week-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-height-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-width-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-in-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-original-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-out-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-close-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-keep-above-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-keep-below-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-minimize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-pin-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-shade-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-unpin-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/window-unshade-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-in-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-original-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/actions/symbolic/zoom-out-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/animations/22/process-working.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-ada-lovelace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-alice-in-wonderland.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-grace-hopper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-leonardo-da-vinci.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-mahatma-gandhi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-mowgli.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/128/user-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/car.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/hands-free.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/handset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/headphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/headset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/hifi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/microphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/portable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/speaker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/tv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/22/webcam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/applets-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.muonnotifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.analogclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.battery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.binaryclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.comic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.date.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.devicenotifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.digitalclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fifteenpuzzle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fuzzyclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.icontasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kicker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickoff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickofflegacy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.pager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.quicklaunch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.memory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemtray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.taskmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.timer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.vault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.volume.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clear-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clear-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clear-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-few-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-fog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-freezing-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-hail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-many-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-many-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-mist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-none-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-overcast-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-overcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-showers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-snow-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-snow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-storm-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-storm-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/48/weather-storm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-rotate-ccw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-rotate-cw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-rotate-flip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-rotate-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-sbs-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-sbs-sright.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-shutd-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/osd-shutd-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-tabbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-blur.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-contrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-coverswitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-cubeslide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-desktopgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dialog-parent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-diminactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dimscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fadedesktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fallapart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-highlightwindow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-invert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-kscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magiclamp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magnifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-maximize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mouseclick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mousemark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-presentwindows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-resize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-scale-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenedge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenshot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showfps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slideback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slidingpopups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-startupfeedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-thumbnailaside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-trackmouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-translucency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-windowaperture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-wobblywindows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/akregator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/elisa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/help-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/homerun.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/kdeconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/korg-todo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/22/virt-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/kup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/preferences-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/systemsettings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/utilities-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/yast-sw_single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/32/yast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/CMakeSetup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/QOwnNotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/QtProject-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/VBox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/accessories-calculator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/accessories-character-map.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/acroread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/akregator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/alienarena.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/alligator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/android-file-transfer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/android-studio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/anjuta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/apper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/application-x-clementine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/aptana.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ardour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/artikulate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/assistant.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/atom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/audacity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/author.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/babe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bitcoin128.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bittorrent-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bleachbit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/blinken.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/blogilo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bluefish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bluegriffon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bomber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bomi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/bovo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/brackets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/braindump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/breeze-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/btsync-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/buho.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calamares.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calibre-ebook-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calibre-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calindori.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligraauthor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligraflow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligrakarbon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligrakexi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligraplan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligraplanwork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligrasheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligrastage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/calligrawords.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/cantata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/cantor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/choqok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/claws-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/clementine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/codeblocks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/com.github.ztefn.haguichi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/com.visualstudio.code.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/converseen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/crow-translate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/cuttlefish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/darktable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/diaspora.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/diffuse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/digikam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/dragonplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/elisa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/emacs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/falkon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ffmulticonverter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/filelight.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/filezilla.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/fingerprint-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/firewall-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/flow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/fluid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/fontforge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/freemind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/frostwire.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gcompris-qt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gimp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/git-cola.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/git-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/goodvibes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gparted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gpick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gpodder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/granatier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/graphics-viewer-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/grub-customizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gtkhash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/gwenview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/haguichi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/handbrake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/help-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/homebank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/homerun.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/htop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/im.vector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/imagewriter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/inkscape-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/inkscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/internet-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/internet-telephony.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/internet-web-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/io.gitlab.Goodvibes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/jdownloader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/joplin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/juk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/juliabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kaddressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kaffeine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kajongg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kalarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kalgebra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kalgebrabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kalzium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kamoso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kanagram.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kapman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kapptemplate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/karbon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/katomic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kblackbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kblocks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kblogger.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kbreakout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kbruch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kcachegrind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kcalc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kchart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kcolorchooser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kde-frameworks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kde-im-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdeapp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdenlive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdesvn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdevelop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdiamond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdiff3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kdots.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/keepass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/keepass2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/keepassx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/keepassx2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kexi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kfind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kfloppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kfontview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kfourinline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kgeography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/khangman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kimagemapeditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kipi-dngconverter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kipi-expoblending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kipi-panorama.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kirigami-gallery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kiriki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kirogi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kiten.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kjumpingcube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kleopatra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/klines.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/klipper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmahjongg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmenuedit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmousetool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmouth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmplot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/knetattach.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/knights.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/knotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kolf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kolourpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kompare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/konqueror.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kontact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/konversation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kopete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/korg-todo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/korgac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/korganizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kpat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kphotoalbum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kpresenter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/krdc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/krename.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/krfb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kronometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kruler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/krusader_root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/krusader_user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kshisen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ksirk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ksnapshot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kspread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kstars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ksysguardd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kteatime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktimer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktnef.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktouch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ktrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kube-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kuiviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kuser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwalletmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwalletmanager2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwikdisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/kxstitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/labplot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/labplot2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/lastpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/latte-dock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/leocad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-base.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-main.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-startcenter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/libreoffice-writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/logisim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/lokalize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/luabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/mail-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/massif-visualizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/masterpdfeditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/mathematica.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/matlab.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/maximabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/mendeleydesktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/minitube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/minuet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/mixxx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/mpv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/multimedia-volume-control.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/muon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/muondiscover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/network-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/nota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ntfs-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/nylas.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/octave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/octavebackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/octopi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/okteta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/okular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/openbravo-erp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.fedoraproject.AnacondaInstaller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.gajim.Gajim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.kde.Ikona.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.kde.kongress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.kde.kontrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.kde.neochat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.kde.skanlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/org.telegram.desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/parley.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/partitionmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/phonon-gstreamer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/photolayoutseditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/picmi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/planetkde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/planner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/planwork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasma-media-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasma-mobile-phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasma-nano.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasmadiscover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/preferences-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/puremaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/pythonbackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/q4wine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qalculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qbittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qdbusviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qelectrotech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qtcreator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/quassel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/quiterss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/qupzilla.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/rbackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/rekonq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ring-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/rocs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/rosegarden.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sage-notebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sagebackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/showfoto.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/skanlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/skanpage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/skrooge-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/skrooge-initial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/skrooge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/smartgit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/smb4k.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/smplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/smtube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/spectacle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/stage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/steam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/step.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sublime-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sublime-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/subtitlecomposer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/sweeper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/symboleditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/synaptic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/syncthing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/synfig_icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/system-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/system-software-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/system-software-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/systemsettings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/teamviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/telegram.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/telepathy-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/truecrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ubiquity-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/ubiquity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/unetbootin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/usb-creator-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/utilities-energy-monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/utilities-file-archiver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/utilities-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/utilities-system-monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/viber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/virt-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/virtualbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/vlc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/vokoscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/vvave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/wayland.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/wine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/words.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xchat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xorg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xterm-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/xterm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yakuake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yandex-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yast-control-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yast-installation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yast-sw_single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yast-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/yast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/48/zanshin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/diaspora.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/apps/64/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-education-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-education-mathematics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-education-science.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-education.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-engineering.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-internet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-office.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-science.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/categories/32/applications-utilities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/audio-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/audio-headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/audio-headset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/audio-input-microphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/audio-radio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/auth-sim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/battery-ups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/camera-photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/camera-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/camera-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/computer-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/computer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/cups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/cupsprinter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-harddisk-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-multidisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-multipartition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-partition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-dialpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-gamepad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-keyboard-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/input-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/keyboard-caps-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/keyboard-caps-enabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/keyboard-caps-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/keyboard-enter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/keyboard-spacebar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-flash-memory-stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical-recordable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/media-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-modem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-rj11-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-rj45-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-wireless-hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/network-wireless.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/radio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/smartphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/uav-quadcopter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/uav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/22/video-television.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/audio-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/audio-headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/auth-sim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/battery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/camera-photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/camera-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/camera-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/computer-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/computer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/cups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/cupsprinter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-harddisk-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-multidisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-multipartition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-partition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-gamepad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/input-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-flash-memory-stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-flash-smart-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-blu-ray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-recordable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/media-write-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/multimedia-player.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/network-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/network-rj11-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/network-rj45-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/smartphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/video-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/64/video-television.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-radio-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/auth-sim-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-video-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/camera-web-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-encrypted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-root-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-multipartition-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-partition-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-gamepad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-virtual-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-flash-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-floppy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/media-removable-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/network-wireless-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/printer-network-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/devices/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-added.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-checked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-mounted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-readonly.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-shared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-success.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-symbolic-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-unmounted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/emblem-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/rating-half.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/rating-unrated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/rating.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-added.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-conflicting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-removed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/22/vcs-update-required.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-default-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-important-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-music-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emblems/symbolic/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/drink-beer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/drink-martini.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-angel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-angry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-clown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-confused.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-cool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-crying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-devilish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-embarrassed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-glasses.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-hug-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-hug-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-in-love.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-kiss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-laughing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-ninja.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-pirate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-quiet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-raspberry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-sad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-sick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-sleeping.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-smile-big.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-smile-grin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-smile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-smirk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-surprise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-uncertain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-wink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-worried.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/face-yawn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/emotes/22/food-cake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/index.theme
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/22/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/32/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-labplot2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-sass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-scss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/mimetypes/64/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/document-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/mail-folder-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/network-server-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/org.xfce.gigolo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/repository.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/server-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/22/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/32/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/48/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/64/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/96/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-documents-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-download-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-games-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-music-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-root-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-templates-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/folder-videos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/network-server-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/start-here-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/user-home-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/places/symbolic/user-trash-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/device-notifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/plasma-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-locale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-devices-cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-devices-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-devices-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-devices-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-kde-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-security-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-smart-status.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-linux.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-power-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-session-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-splash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-startup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-behavior.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-virtualization-container.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/22/yast-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/amarok_change_language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/device-notifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/face-smile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/financial-schedule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/gtkconfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/kaccess.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/kde-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/kdeconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/kded5.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/krunner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/ksmserver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/mediacontrol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/plasma-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/plasmagik.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/plasmashell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-locale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-menu-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-devices-cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-devices-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-devices-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-devices-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-kde-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-releasenotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-security-apparmor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-security-firewall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-security-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-smart-status.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-backup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-linux.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-iscsi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ntp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-boot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dhcp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ftp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-installation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-iscsi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-slp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-performance.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-power-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-session-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-splash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-startup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-behavior.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-container.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-migrate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-adblock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-addon-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-addon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-alternatives.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-apparmor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-auth-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-autoyast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-bootloader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-checkmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-create-new-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-device-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-dhcp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-dns-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-fcoe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-firewall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-fonts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-ftp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-hardware-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-host.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-http-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-instserver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-kerberos-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-kernel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-lan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-ldap-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-ldap-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-misc-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-network-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-nfs-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-nis-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-ntp-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-release-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-samba-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-samba-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-security-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-services-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-slp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-snapper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-software-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-support-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-support.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-sw_source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-sysconfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-system-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-tftp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-timezone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-update-online-configuration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-update-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-vm-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-vm-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-vm-migrate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/preferences/32/yast-wol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/TeamViewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/appointment-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/appointment-reminder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-volume-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-volume-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-volume-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/audio-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/auth-sim-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/auth-sim-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-caution-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-empty-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-full-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-good-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-low-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/call-incoming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/call-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/call-outgoing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/camera-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/camera-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/camera-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/cloudstatus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/data-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/data-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/data-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/disk-quota-critical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/disk-quota-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/disk-quota-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/disk-quota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dropboxstatus-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dropboxstatus-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/dropboxstatus-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/fcitx-wubi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/firewall-applet-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/firewall-applet-panic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/firewall-applet-shields_up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/firewall-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/flameshot-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/haguichi-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/haguichi-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/haguichi-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/haguichi-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/haguichi-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/image-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/input-caps-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/input-touchpad-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/input-touchpad-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/irc-channel-joined.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/irc-channel-parted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/kdeconnect-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/media-playback-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/media-playback-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/media-playback-stopped.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/meeting-organizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/mic-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/mic-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/mic-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-bluetooth-activated-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-bluetooth-activated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-flightmode-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-flightmode-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-limited.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-20.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-60.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-80.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-mobile-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wired-activated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wired-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wired-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-acquiring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-connected-00.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-connected-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-connected-25.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-connected-50.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-connected-75.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-signal-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-signal-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-device-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-nm-signal-00.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-nm-signal-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-nm-signal-25.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-nm-signal-50.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-nm-signal-75.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/nm-no-connection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/redshift-status-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/redshift-status-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/rotation-allowed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/rotation-locked-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/rotation-locked-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/script-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/security-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/security-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/security-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/state-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-complete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-process-0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-process-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-process-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-process-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-process-4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/task-reminder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/telegram-attention-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/telegram-mute-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/telegram-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/temperature-cold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/temperature-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/temperature-warm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/transmission-tray-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/uninstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/update-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/update-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/update-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/update-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-away-extended.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/user-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/22/video-card-inactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/appointment-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-caution-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-empty-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-full-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-good-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-low-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/call-incoming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/call-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/call-outgoing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/rotation-allowed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/rotation-locked-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/rotation-locked-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/32/task-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/48/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/image-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/security-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/security-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/64/security-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/alarm-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/avatar-default-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-caution-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-empty-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-full-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-good-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/battery-missing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/call-incoming-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/call-missed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/changes-allow-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/channel-secure-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/computer-fail-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-error-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/image-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/mail-read-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/mail-replied-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/mail-unread-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/printer-error-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/printer-printing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/printer-warning-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/process-working-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/rating-unrated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-landscape-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-portrait-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-available-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-away-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-busy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-idle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-invisible-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-offline-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze Dark/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/CVnamespace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/Info-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/PrePostCondition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/accept_signal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/accept_time_event.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/acrobat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/action-rss_tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/activity-fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/actor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/add-placemark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/add-subtitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/address-book-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/addressbook-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/adjustcurves.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/adjusthsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/adjustlevels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/adjustrgb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/aggregation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/akonadi-phone-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/akonadiconsole.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/albumfolder-importdir.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/albumfolder-importimages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/albumfolder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/albumfolder-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/albumfolder-user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-horizontal-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_cart_add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_cart_remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_cart_view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_change_language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_clock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_playcount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/amarok_scripts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/animal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/animation-stage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/answer-correct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/answer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/antivignetting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/application-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/application-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/appointment-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/approved.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/archive-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/archive-insert-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/archive-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/archive-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-down-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-left-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-right-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-up-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/artifact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/artistictext-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/atmosphere.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/auto-transition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/auto-type.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/autocorrection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/backgroundtool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/backup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bboxnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bboxprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/beamerblock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/beamerframe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bigskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/black_sum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/blurfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/blurimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-add-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmark-toolbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmarks-organize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/borderpainter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bordertool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bqm-diff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bqm-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bqm-rmqueue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/branch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/bwtonal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/call-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/call-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/call-voicemail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/calligraphy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/callout-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cards-block.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/category2parent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cell_edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cell_layout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/channelmixer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/character-set.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/charcoaltool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/check_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/checkbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/child2category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/choice-rhomb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/choice-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/chronometer-lap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/chronometer-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/chronometer-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/chronometer-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/chronometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/circular-arrow-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/class-or-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/clock-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/clock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cloud-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cloud-upload.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-block.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-function.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-typedef.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/code-variable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/collapse-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/collection-rescan-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-gradient.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-mode-black-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-mode-hue-shift-negative.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-mode-hue-shift-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-mode-invert-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-mode-invert-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-picker-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-picker-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-picker-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colorfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colormanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colorneg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colors-chromablue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colors-chromagreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colors-chromared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/colors-luma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/combined_fragment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/compass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/composite-track-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/composite-track-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/composite-track-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/composition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/configure-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/configure-toolbars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/configure_kile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/configure_project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/contact-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/containment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/contrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/convert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/coordinate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/copy-coordinates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/createpath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cross-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/crosshairs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/curve-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dashboard-show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/database-change-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/database-index.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/datatype.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dblatex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-execute-from-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-execute-to-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-run-cursor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-step-instruction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-step-into-instruction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-step-into.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-step-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/debug-step-over.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/deep-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/delete-comment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/delete-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dependency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/depth16to8.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/depth8to16.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/description.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dfrac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/diag_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/diag_class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/diag_component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-input-devices.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-ok-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-scripts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dialog-xml-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dirsync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/discrete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/displaymathmode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distortionfx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-graph-directed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-graph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-margin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-unclump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-margin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/distribute-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-export-ocal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-export-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-import-ocal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-new-from-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-open-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-open-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-open-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-preview-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-print-direct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-print-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-print-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-revert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-save-as-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-save.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-scan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/document-swap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/documentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/documentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dontknow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/download-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/download-later.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/drag-surface.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-arrow-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-arrow-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-bezier-curves.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-calligraphic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-circle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-cross.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-cuboid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-donut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-freehand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-halfcircle1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-halfcircle2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-halfcircle3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-halfcircle4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-highlight.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-polygon-star.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-rectangle-rounded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-spiral.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-square-inverted-corners.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-star.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-triangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-triangle1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-triangle2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-triangle3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-triangle4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/draw-watercolor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dvipdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dvipng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dvips.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dvisearch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/dynamic-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/earthquake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-bomb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clone-unlink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-clone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-comment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-cut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-delete-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-delete-shred.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-entry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-find-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-find-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-find-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-find-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-find.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-image-face-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-image-face-detect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-image-face-recognize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-image-face-show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-line-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-map.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-opacity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-paste-in-place.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-paste.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-redo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-rename.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select-invert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select-lasso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-cell-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-cell-split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-delete-column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-delete-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-text-frame-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit-undo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edit_animation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/editimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/editpath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/edittext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/ellipse-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/embosstool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/emph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/end_of_life.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/end_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entrance_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entry-clone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entry-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entry-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/entry-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/enum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/enumerate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/errornext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/errorprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/escape-direction-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exception.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exchange-positions-zorder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exchange-positions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exifinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/exit_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/expand-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/favorite-genres-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/feed-subscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/file-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/file-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filegrep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-album-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-and-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-artist-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-bpm-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-comment-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-composer-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-dash-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-discnumber-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-divider.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-dot-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-filetype-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-genre-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-group-length.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-group-tracks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-ignore-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-initial-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-last-played.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-moodbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-sample-rate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-slash-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-space-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-title-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-underscore-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filename-year-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/fileview-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/filmgrain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/final_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/find-location.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/fingerprint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flashlight-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flashlight-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/flower-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/folder-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/folder-stash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/folder-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/followmouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/font-disable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/font-enable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/food.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/foreignkey_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-add-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-bl-tr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-diagonal-tl-br.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-external.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-internal-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-set-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-border-style.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-break-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-connect-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-convert-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-currency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-disconnect-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-font-size-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-font-size-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-indent-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-indent-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-insert-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-join-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-justify-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-justify-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-justify-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-justify-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-line-spacing-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-line-spacing-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-line-spacing-triple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-list-ordered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-list-unordered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-node-corner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-node-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-node-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-node-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-node-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-number-percent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-precision-less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-precision-more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-remove-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-stroke-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-blockquote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-capitalize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-code.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-direction-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-direction-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-direction-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-direction-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-italic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-lowercase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-strikethrough.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-symbol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-underline-squiggle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-underline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/format-text-uppercase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/freerotation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-achievements.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-background.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-board.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-options.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-config-tiles.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-difficult.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-endturn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-highscores.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/games-solve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/geany-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/geany-close-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/geany-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gearhead-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/generalisation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/generalise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/get-hot-new-stuff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/globe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-autofilter-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-autofilter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-autosum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-bucket.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-cells-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-cells-split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-column-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-column-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-column-hide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-column-size.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-column-unhide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-comment-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-component-insert-shaped.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-data-slicer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-accounting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-diag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-double-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-inside-horiz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-outside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-rev-diag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-thick-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-thick-outside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-double-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top-n-thick-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-border-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-precision-decrease.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-precision-increase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-format-thousand-separator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-formulaguru.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-graphguru.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-email.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-external.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-link-url.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-button.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-checkbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-combo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-label.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-scrollbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-object-spinbutton.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-cell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-pages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-pagesetup-hf-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-protection-no.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-protection-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-row-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-row-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-row-hide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-row-size.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-row-unhide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-ungroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gnumeric-visible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-down-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-down-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-first-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-first-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-first.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-home-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-jump-declaration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-jump-definition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-jump-locationbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-jump-today.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-jump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-last-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-last-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-last.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next-use.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-parent-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous-context.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous-use.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous-view.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-up-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-up-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gpg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gpgsm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gradient.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/grid-rectangular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/group-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/group-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-authentication.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-convert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-execute.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-index.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-no.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-quit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-select-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-select-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-tab-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-tab-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/gtk-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/handle-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/handle-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/handle-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/handle-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-contextual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-latex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/help-whatsthis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hexagon-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hide_table_column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hide_table_row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hidemouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/high-brightness.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/hotpixels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-aim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-ban-kick-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-ban-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-facebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-gadugadu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-google-talk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-google.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-icq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-identi.ca.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-invisible-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-irc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-jabber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-kick-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-msn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-qq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-skype.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-twitter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-user-away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-user-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-user-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-user-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-yahoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/im-youtube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/imagecomment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/initial_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/inpainting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/input-mouse-click-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/input-mouse-click-middle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/input-mouse-click-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-button.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-endnote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-footnote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-horizontal-rule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-math-expression.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-more-mark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-page-break.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-table-of-contents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-tableofcontents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-text-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insert-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/insertcell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/interface.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/internet-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/internet-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/invertimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-channel-active.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-channel-inactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-close-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-join-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-operator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-remove-operator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-unvoice.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/irc-voice.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/item.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/itemize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/join.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/journal-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/junction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-add-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-add-color-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-add-slide-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-hor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-align-vert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-composite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-custom-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-deleffect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-hide-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-rect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-insert-unicode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-no-composite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-normal-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-object-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-object-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-overwrite-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-ripple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-rolling.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-select-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-select-rects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-select-texts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-select-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-show-audiothumb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-show-markers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-show-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-show-videothumb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-slide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-slip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-split-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-track_has_effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-unlock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-unselect-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zindex-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-end.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zone-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kdocumentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/key-enter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-disable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/keyframe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmousetool_off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmousetool_on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmouth-phrase-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmouth-phrase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmouth-phrasebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kmouth-phresebook-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/knotes_alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/knotes_date.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/knotes_delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/know.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kontact-import-wizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kontes_close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_combine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_comparedirs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_diskusage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_jumpback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_mountman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_setjumpback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_syncbrowse_on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kr_unselect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_advanced.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_catalog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_cbound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_clines.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_cnames.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_colors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_constellationart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_deepsky.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_ekos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_fitsviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_grid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_guides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_hgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_horizon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_indi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_mw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_planets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_satellites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_solarsystem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_stars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_supernovae.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kstars_xplanet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-add-feeds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-add-filters.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-change-tracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-check-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-chunks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-info-widget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-magnet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-plugins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-queue-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-remove-feeds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-remove-filters.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-restore-defaults.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-set-max-download-speed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-set-max-upload-speed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-show-statusbar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-speed-limits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-start-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-stop-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/kt-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/ktnef_extract_all_to.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/ktnef_extract_to.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/l2h.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/label-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/label.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-1x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-2x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-3x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-4x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-5x-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-TeX-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-axis-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-axis-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-editbreaklayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-editgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-edithlayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-editvlayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-format-text-symbol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-matrix-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-matrix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-plot-axis-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-shift-down-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-shift-left-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-shift-right-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-shift-up-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-workbook-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-workbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-worksheet-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-worksheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve-segments.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-equation-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-fit-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-filter-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-fourier-transform-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-interpolation-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-four-axes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered-origin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes-centered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-plot-two-axes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-xy-smoothing-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/labplot-zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/language-chooser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/languages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/latex-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/latex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/layer-visible-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/layer-visible-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lensautofix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lensdistortion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/libpeas-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/license.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lighttable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lighttableadd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/linear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lines-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-add-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-add-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-remove-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/list-resource-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/lock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/love-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/love.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/low-brightness.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-attachment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-deleted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-download-later.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-download-now.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-encrypted-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-encrypted-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-forwarded-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-forwarded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-invitation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-junk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-notjunk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-mark-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-message-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-queue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-queued.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-reply-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-reply-custom-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-reply-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-reply-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-reply-sender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signature-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signed-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signed-fully.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signed-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signed-verified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-signed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-tagged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-thread-ignored.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-thread-watch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mail-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/makeidx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/map-flat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/map-globe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/map-gnomonic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/map-mercator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/markasblank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/math0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mathmode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/measure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-album-cover-manager-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-album-cover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-album-repeat-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-album-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-mount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playback-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playback-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playback-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-append.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-play.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-playlist-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-random-albums-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-random-tracks-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-album-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-playlist-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-repeat-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-seek-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-seek-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-show-active-track-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-skip-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-skip-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-standard-track-progression-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-track-add-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-track-edit-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-track-queue-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-track-remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/media-track-show-active.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/medskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/meeting-attending-tentative.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/meeting-attending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/meeting-participant-no-response.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/meeting-participant-request-response.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/menu_new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/menu_new_sep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/messagebox_warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/milestone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/minuet-chords.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/minuet-intervals.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/minuet-rhythms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/minuet-scales.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mode1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mode2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mode3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mode4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mode5.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/modified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/motion_path_animations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/mpost.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/msgid2msgstr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/multirow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/music-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/music-note-16th.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/network-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/network-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/new-audio-alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/new-command-alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/newline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/news-subscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/news-unsubscribe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/nextfuzzy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/nextfuzzyuntrans.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/nextuntranslated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/nocover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-break.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-delete-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-join-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-join.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-transform.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-type-auto-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-type-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-type-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node-type-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/noisereduction.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/note.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/notifications-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/notifications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/nroot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-columns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-flip-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-flip-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-group-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-back-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-front-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-front.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-lower-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-raise-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-order-raise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-rotate-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-rotate-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-rows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-ungroup-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-ungroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/object_node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-area-focus-peak-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-area-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-area.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-bar-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-bar-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-bar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-line-forecast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-line-percentage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-line-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-pie.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-polar-stacked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-polar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-ring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-chart-scatter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/office-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/offline-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/oilpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/open-for-editing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/output_win.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/overexposure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/overflow-menu-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/overflow-menu-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/overflow-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/page-2sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/page-3sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/page-4sides.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/page-simple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/page-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/paint-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/paper-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/password-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/password-generate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/password-show-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/password-show-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-clip-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-effect-parameter-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-mask-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-mode-bezier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-mode-polyline-paraxial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-mode-polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-mode-spiro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-reverse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/path-simplify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pathshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pdf-annotations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pdflatex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pdftex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pentagon-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/perspective.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/photos-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/player-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/player-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/player-volume.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/playlist-generator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/playlist-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/plugins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/polygon-add-nodes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/polygon-merge-nodes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/port.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/postalcode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/practice-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/practice-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/practice-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/precondition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preferences-indicator-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preferences-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preflight-verifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/presence_away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/presence_offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/presence_online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/presence_unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/prevfuzzy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/prevfuzzyuntrans.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview-add-zone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview-remove-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview-remove-zone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview-render-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview-render-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview_math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/preview_sel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/prevuntranslated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/primarykey_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/process-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-defaults.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-development-close-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-development-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-development-new-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project_add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project_archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project_rebuild.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project_remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/project_show.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/projectgrep.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/ps2pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/qa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickopen-class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickopen-file.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickopen-function.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/quickwizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/raindrop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/ratiocrop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/realization.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/rectangle-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/redeyes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/refactor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/refreshstructure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/region.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/relation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/relationship.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/remove-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/removecell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/resource-calendar-child-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/resource-calendar-child.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/resource-calendar-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/resource-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/resource-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/restoration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/reverse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/roll.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/routeplanning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/rss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-clean.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-file.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-install-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build-prune.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-clean.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/run-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/scriptnew.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/scriptopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/secure-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/select-rectangular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/send_signal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/set-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/settings-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shallow-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shape-choose.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shape-cuboid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shapes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sharpenimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-all-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-gpu-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-node-handles.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show-path-outline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show_table_column.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/show_table_row.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-collapse-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-expand-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-expand-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sidebar-expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/similarartists-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skg-chart-bubble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_credit_card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_much_less.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_much_more.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/skrooge_type.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/slanted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smallclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smallfrac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smallskip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smartnewline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smiley-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smiley-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smiley.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-angle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-corners.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-edges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-bounding-box-midpoints.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-bounding-box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-grid-guide-intersections.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-guideline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-intersection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-node.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-intersection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-midpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-rotation-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-nodes-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-orthogonal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap-text-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/social.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sort-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sort-presence.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sort_incr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/speaker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/special_paste.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/specific-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/speedometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/spiral-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/split.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/spreadsheetshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/sqrt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/standard-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/star-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/start-over.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/state-fork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stateshape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/statetool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Box.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_ChargedParticle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_CircularMotor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Controller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_CoulombForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Gas.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_GasParticle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Graph.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_GravitationForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_LinearMotor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Meter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Note.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Particle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Rope.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_SoftBody.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Spring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_Tracer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/step_object_WeightForce.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stickers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/story-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/straight-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-cap-bevel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-cap-butt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-cap-miter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-cap-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-cap-square.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-join-bevel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-join-miter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-join-round.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/stroke-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/strong.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/structure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/subsystem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/svn-commit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/svn-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/swap-panels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-log-out-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-save-session.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-suspend-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-switch-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-close-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-detach.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-new-background.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tab-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-assigned.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-events.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-places.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-recents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/task-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/taxes-finances.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/texcompiler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/texlion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-field-framed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-field-frameless.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-field.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-flow-into-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-frame-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-frame-unlink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-speak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-unflow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text-wrap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_horz_kern.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_letter_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_line_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_remove_kerns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_rotation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_subscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_superscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_vert_kern.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/text_word_spacing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/texture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-lift.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-overwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/timeline-use-zone-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-animator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-measure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-node-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-spray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool-tweak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_brush.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_cellformatting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_color_eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_color_picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_curve.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_elliptical_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_flood_fill.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_free_form_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_imageeffects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_line.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_pagelayout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_pen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_polygon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_polyline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_rect_selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_references.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_review.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_rounded_rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_spraycan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tool_text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-check-spelling.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-media-optical-burn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-media-optical-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-media-optical-erase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-media-optical-format.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-report-bug.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-rip-audio-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-rip-video-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-rip-video-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools-wizard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/tools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/torrents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-browse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-crop-and-resize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-crop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-move-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-move-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-rotate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-scale-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-scale-textbox-points.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-scale-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-scale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-shear-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-shear-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-shear-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-shear-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-skew-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transform-skew-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/transsearch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/trim-margins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/trim-to-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/typewriter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-asynchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-message-asynchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-message-found.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-message-lost.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbr-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_activity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_class.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_collaboration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_component.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_deployment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_entityrelationship.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_sequence.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_state.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/umbrello_diagram_usecase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/underexposure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/uniassociation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/unique_constraint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/unlock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/unmarkasblank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/upcomingevents-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/upindicator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/upload-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/usecase.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-group-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-group-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-others.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/username-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-branch-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-branch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-commit-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-commit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-diff-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-diff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-merge-request.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-pull.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-push.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-remove-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-stash-pop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-stash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-status-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/vcs-update-cvs-cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/verb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/verbatim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/videoclip-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-bank-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-bank-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-bank-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-bank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-barcode-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-barcode-qr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-barcode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-agenda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-birthday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-holiday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-month.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-special-occasion.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-time-spent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-timeline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-upcoming-events.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-wedding-anniversary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-week.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-whatsnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar-workweek.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-catalog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-categories-expenditures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-categories-incomes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-export-secret.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-export-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-server-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-conversation-balloon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-currency-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-file-columns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-asset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-cash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-checking.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-credit-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-investment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-liability.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-loan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-reopen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account-savings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-budget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category-expense.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category-income.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-category.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconcile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-reconciled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-financial-transfer-unreconciled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-form-action.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-form.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-grid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-hidden.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-institution-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-institution-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-institution-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-left-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-list-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-list-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-list-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-list-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-album-cover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-equalizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-genre.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-playcount.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-similarartists.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-title.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-media-visualization.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-multiple-objects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-object-histogram-linear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-object-histogram-logarithmic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pages-continuous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pages-facing-first-centered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pages-facing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pages-overview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pages-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-contacts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-pim-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-all-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-own.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-process-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-resource-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-restore.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-right-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-right-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-services-scripted-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sidetree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sort-ascending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sort-ascending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sort-descending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sort-descending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-split-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-split-left-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-split-top-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-statistics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-table-of-contents-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-task-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-task-child-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-task-child.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-task.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-baselined.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-calculus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-child-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-time-schedule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-unsplit-effect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-visible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view-web-browser-dom-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/view_fit_to_page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewlog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/virtual-desktops.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/visibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wallet-closed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wallet-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/warnnext.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/warnprev.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/whitebalance.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/widget-alternatives.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-keep-above.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-keep-below.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-maximize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-minimize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-pin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-restore.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-shade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-unpin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window-unshade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/window.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wizard_math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wizard_pdftools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wizard_pstools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/wizard_tabular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-clementine-album.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-clementine-albums.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-clementine-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-clementine-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-shape-connection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-shape-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-shape-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/x-shape-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xfsm-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xml-attribute-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xml-element-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xml-node-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xml-node-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/xml-text-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/y-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zone-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zone-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-1-to-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-2-to-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-fit-best.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-fit-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-fit-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-fit-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-fit-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-in-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-original.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-out-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-pixels.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-select-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/22/zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/acrobat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/address-book-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-horizontal-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/application-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/application-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/appointment-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/archive-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/archive-insert-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/archive-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/archive-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-down-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-left-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-right-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-up-double.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/autocorrection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/blurimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/bookmark-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/bookmark-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/bordertool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/call-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/call-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/collapse-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/collapse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/color-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/color-picker-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/color-picker-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/color-picker-white.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/colormanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/colors-chromablue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/colors-chromagreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/colors-chromared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/colors-luma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/compass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/configure-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/cursor-cross.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/dialog-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/dialog-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/dialog-ok-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/dialog-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt-verify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit-decrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit-sign-encrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-export.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-import.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-new-from-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-open-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-open-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-preview-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-print-direct.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-revert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-save.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/document-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/draw-arrow-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/draw-arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/draw-arrow-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/draw-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-delete-shred.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-redo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/edit-undo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/expand-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/expand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/file-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/file-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/financial-budget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/financial-payees.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/flashlight-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/flashlight-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/folder-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/format-stroke-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/games-config-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/games-config-options.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-halign-distributed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-distributed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-justify.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gnumeric-format-valign-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-down-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-first.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-jump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-last.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-next-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-parent-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-previous-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-top.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-up-skip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gtk-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/gtk-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/help-donate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/help-keybord-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/help-whatsthis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/kdenlive-zoom-small.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-cursor-arrow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-in-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-out-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/labplot-zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-attachment.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-deleted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-encrypted-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-encrypted-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-flag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-forwarded-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-forwarded.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-invitation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-junk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-notjunk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-mark-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-meeting-request-reply.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-message-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-queue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-queued.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-read.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-reply-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-reply-custom-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-reply-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-reply-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-reply-sender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signature-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signed-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signed-fully.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signed-part.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signed-verified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-signed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-tagged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-thread-watch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-unread-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/mail-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playback-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playback-start.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playback-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playlist-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playlist-repeat-song.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playlist-repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-playlist-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-repeat-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-repeat-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-repeat-single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-seek-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-seek-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-skip-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/media-skip-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/object-order-back.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/object-order-front.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/object-order-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/object-order-raise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/office-chart-pie.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/output_win.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/overflow-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/page-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/percent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/preferences-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/qa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/settings-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/step_object_Controller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-log-out-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-save-session.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-suspend-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-switch-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/tag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/taxes-finances.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/tool-pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/tools.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/trim-margins.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/trim-to-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-barcode-qr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-calendar-holiday.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-left-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-list-details.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-list-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-list-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-list-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-right-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-right-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-sort-ascending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-sort-ascending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-sort-descending-name.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-sort-descending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/view-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/window-close.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/xfsm-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-1-to-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-2-to-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-fit-best.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-fit-height.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-fit-page.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-fit-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-fit-width.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-in-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-next.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-original.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-out-large.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-select-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/32/zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/draw-freehand.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-account.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-categories.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-forecast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-investments.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/financial-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/view-history.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/48/view-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/64/go-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/64/media-default-album.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/64/media-default-track.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/64/view-institution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/action-unavailable-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/address-book-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/application-exit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/appointment-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/bookmark-add-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/bookmark-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/builder-view-left-pane-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/call-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/call-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/call-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/call-voicemail-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/change-date-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/collapse-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/color-profile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/color-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/comment-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/contact-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-edit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-open-recent-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-open-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-page-setup-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-print-preview-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-print-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-properties-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-revert-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-save-as-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-save-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/document-send-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/drag-handle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-clear-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-copy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-cut-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-delete-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-find-replace-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-find-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-move-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-paste-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-redo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-select-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/edit-undo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/expand-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/export-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/extension-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/file-catalog-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/file-library-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/file-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/filter-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/find-location-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/folder-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/font-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-less-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-indent-more-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-justify-center-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-justify-fill-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-justify-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-justify-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-bold-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-ltr-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-direction-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-italic-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-strikethrough-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/format-text-underline-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-bottom-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-down-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-first-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-first-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-home-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-jump-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-jump-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-last-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-last-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-next-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-next-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-previous-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-previous-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-top-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/go-up-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/help-about-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/histogram-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-crop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-invert-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-navigator-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-red-eye-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-resize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/image-rotate-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/insert-image-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/insert-link-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/insert-text-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/list-add-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/list-remove-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/list-remove-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/mail-inbox-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/mail-mark-important-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/mail-send-receive-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/mail-send-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/map-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/mark-location-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-eject-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-playback-pause-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-playback-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-playback-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-record-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-backward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-seek-forward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-backward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-rtl-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-skip-forward-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/media-view-subtitles-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/object-flip-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/object-flip-vertical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-left-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/object-rotate-right-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/object-select-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/open-menu-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/palette-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-down-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/pan-up-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/process-stop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/selection-end-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/selection-start-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/send-to-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/special-effects-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/star-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/system-run-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/system-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/system-shutdown-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/tab-new-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/tag-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/tools-check-spelling-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/tools-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-app-grid-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-continuous-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-dual-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-fullscreen-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-grid-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-list-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-more-horizontal-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-more-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-presentation-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-private-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-refresh-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-restore-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-sort-ascending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-sort-descending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-all-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-today-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-unscheduled-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-tasks-week-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-height-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-fit-width-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-in-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-original-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/view-zoom-out-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-close-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-keep-above-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-keep-below-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-maximize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-minimize-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-pin-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-restore-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-shade-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-unpin-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/window-unshade-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/zoom-fit-best-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/zoom-in-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/zoom-original-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/actions/symbolic/zoom-out-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/animations/22/process-working.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-ada-lovelace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-alice-in-wonderland.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-grace-hopper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-leonardo-da-vinci.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-mahatma-gandhi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-mowgli.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/128/user-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/car.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/hands-free.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/handset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/headphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/headset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/hifi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/internal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/microphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/portable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/speaker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/tv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/22/webcam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/applets-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.ktpcontactlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.muonnotifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.activitybar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.analogclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.battery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.binaryclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calculator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.clipboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.colorpicker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.comic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.date.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.devicenotifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.digitalclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.diskquota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fifteenpuzzle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.frame.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.fuzzyclock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.icontasks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kicker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickerdash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickoff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.kickofflegacy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.mediacontroller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.networkmanagement.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.pager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.quicklaunch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.showActivityManager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemloadviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskactivity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.diskusage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.memory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemmonitor.net.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.systemtray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.taskmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.timer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.vault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.volume.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/256/org.kde.plasma.windowlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clear-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clear-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clear-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-few-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-few-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-fog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-freezing-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-hail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-many-clouds-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-many-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-mist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-none-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-overcast-wind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-overcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-showers.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-snow-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-snow-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-snow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-storm-day.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-storm-night.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/48/weather-storm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-rotate-ccw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-rotate-cw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-rotate-flip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-rotate-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-sbs-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-sbs-sright.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-shutd-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/osd-shutd-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-tabbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-blur.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-contrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-coverswitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-cubeslide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-desktopgrid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dialog-parent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-diminactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-dimscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fadedesktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-fallapart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-flipswitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-glide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-highlightwindow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-invert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-kscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magiclamp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-magnifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-maximize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-minimize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mouseclick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-mousemark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-presentwindows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-resize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-scale-in.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenedge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-screenshot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showfps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-showpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slide.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slideback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-slidingpopups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-startupfeedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-thumbnailaside.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-trackmouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-translucency.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-windowaperture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-wobblywindows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/applets/64/preferences-system-windows-effect-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/akregator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/elisa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/help-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/homerun.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/kdeconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/korg-todo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/22/virt-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/kup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/preferences-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/systemsettings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/utilities-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/yast-sw_single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/32/yast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/CMakeSetup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/QOwnNotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/QtProject-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/VBox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/accessories-calculator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/accessories-character-map.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/acroread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/akregator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/alienarena.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/alligator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/android-file-transfer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/android-studio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/anjuta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/anydesk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/apper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/application-x-clementine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/aptana.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ardour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/artikulate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/assistant.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/atom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/audacity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/author.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/babe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bitcoin128.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bittorrent-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bleachbit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/blinken.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/blogilo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bluefish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bluegriffon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bomber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bomi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/bovo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/brackets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/braindump.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/breeze-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/btsync-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/buho.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calamares.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calibre-ebook-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calibre-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calindori.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligraauthor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligraflow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligrakarbon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligrakexi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligraplan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligraplanwork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligrasheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligrastage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/calligrawords.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/cantata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/cantor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/cervisia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/choqok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/claws-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/clementine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/codeblocks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/com.github.ztefn.haguichi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/com.visualstudio.code.oss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/com.visualstudio.code.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/converseen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/crow-translate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/cuttlefish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/darktable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/diaspora.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/diffuse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/digikam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/dragonplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/elisa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/emacs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/falkon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ffmulticonverter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/filelight.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/filezilla.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/fingerprint-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/firewall-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/flow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/fluid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/fontforge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/freemind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/frostwire.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gcompris-qt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gimp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/git-cola.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/git-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/goodvibes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gparted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gpick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gpodder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/granatier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/graphics-viewer-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/grub-customizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gtkhash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/gwenview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/haguichi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/handbrake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/help-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/homebank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/homerun.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/htop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/im.vector.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/imagewriter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/inkscape-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/inkscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/internet-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/internet-telephony.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/internet-web-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/io.gitlab.Goodvibes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/jdownloader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/joplin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/juk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/juliabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kaddressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kaffeine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kajongg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kalarm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kalgebra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kalgebrabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kalzium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kamoso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kanagram.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kapman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kapptemplate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/karbon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/katomic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kblackbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kblocks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kblogger.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kbreakout.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kbruch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kcachegrind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kcalc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kchart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kcolorchooser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kde-frameworks.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kde-im-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdeapp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdenlive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdesvn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdevelop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdiamond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdiff3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kdots.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/keepass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/keepass2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/keepassx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/keepassx2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kexi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kfind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kfloppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kfontview.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kfourinline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kgeography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kget.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/khangman.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kimagemapeditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kipi-dngconverter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kipi-expoblending.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kipi-panorama.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kirigami-gallery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kiriki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kirogi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kiten.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kjumpingcube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kleopatra.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/klines.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/klipper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmahjongg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmenuedit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmix.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmousetool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmouth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmplot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/knetattach.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/knights.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/knotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kolf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kolourpaint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kompare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/konqueror.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kontact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/konversation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kopete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/korg-todo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/korgac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/korganizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kpat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kphotoalbum.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kpresenter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/krdc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/krename.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/krfb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kronometer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kruler.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/krusader_root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/krusader_user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kshisen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ksirk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ksnapshot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kspread.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kstars.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ksysguardd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kteatime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktimer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktimetracker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktnef.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktouch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ktrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kube-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kuiviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kuser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwalletmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwalletmanager2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwikdisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/kxstitch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/labplot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/labplot2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/lastpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/latte-dock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/leocad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-base.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-main.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-startcenter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/libreoffice-writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/logisim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/lokalize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/luabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/mail-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/massif-visualizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/masterpdfeditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/mathematica.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/matlab.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/maximabackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/mendeleydesktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/minitube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/minuet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/mixxx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/mpv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/multimedia-volume-control.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/muon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/muondiscover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/network-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/nota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ntfs-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/nylas.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/octave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/octavebackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/octopi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/okteta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/okular.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/openbravo-erp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.fedoraproject.AnacondaInstaller.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.gajim.Gajim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.inkscape.Inkscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.kde.Ikona.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.kde.kongress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.kde.kontrast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.kde.neochat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.kde.skanlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/org.telegram.desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/parley.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/partitionmanager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/phonon-gstreamer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/photolayoutseditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/picmi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/planetkde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plank.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/planner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/planwork.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasma-media-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasma-mobile-phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasma-nano.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasmadiscover.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/preferences-desktop-font-installer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/preferences-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/puremaps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/pythonbackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/q4wine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qalculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qbittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qdbusviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qelectrotech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qtcreator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/quassel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/quiterss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/qupzilla.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/rbackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/rekonq.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ring-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/rocs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/rosegarden.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sage-notebook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sagebackend.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/showfoto.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/skanlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/skanpage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/skrooge-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/skrooge-initial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/skrooge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/smartgit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/smb4k.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/smplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/smtube.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/spectacle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/stage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/steam.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/step.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sublime-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sublime-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/subtitlecomposer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/sweeper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/symboleditor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/synaptic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/syncthing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/synfig_icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/system-run.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/system-software-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/system-software-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/systemsettings.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/teamviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/telegram.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/telepathy-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/truecrypt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ubiquity-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/ubiquity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/unetbootin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/usb-creator-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/utilities-energy-monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/utilities-file-archiver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/utilities-log-viewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/utilities-system-monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/viber.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/virt-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/virtualbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/vlc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/vokoscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/vvave.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/wayland.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/wine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/words.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xchat.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xine.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xorg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xterm-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/xterm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yakuake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yandex-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yast-control-center.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yast-installation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yast-sw_single.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yast-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/yast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/48/zanshin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/accessories-text-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/diaspora.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/kwrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/plasma-browser-integration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/plasmavault.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/system-file-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/umbrello.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/apps/64/utilities-terminal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-all.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-education-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-education-mathematics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-education-science.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-education.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-engineering.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-internet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-office.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-science.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-system.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/categories/32/applications-utilities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/audio-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/audio-headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/audio-headset.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/audio-input-microphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/audio-radio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/auth-sim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/battery-ups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/camera-photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/camera-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/camera-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/computer-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/computer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/cups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/cupsprinter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-harddisk-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-multidisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-multipartition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-partition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-removable-media-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-dialpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-gamepad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-keyboard-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/input-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/keyboard-caps-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/keyboard-caps-enabled.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/keyboard-caps-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/keyboard-enter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/keyboard-spacebar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-flash-memory-stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical-mixed-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical-recordable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/media-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-modem.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-rj11-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-rj45-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-wireless-hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/network-wireless.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/radio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/smartphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/uav-quadcopter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/uav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/22/video-television.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/audio-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/audio-headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/auth-sim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/battery.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/camera-photo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/camera-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/camera-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/computer-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/computer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/cups.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/cupsprinter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-harddisk-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-harddisk-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-multidisk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-multipartition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-partition.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-gamepad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/input-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-flash-memory-stick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-flash-smart-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-blu-ray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-data.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-recordable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/media-write-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/multimedia-player.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/network-card.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/network-rj11-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/network-rj45-female.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/phone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/smartphone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/video-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/64/video-television.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/audio-input-microphone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/audio-radio-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/audio-speakers-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/auth-sim-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/camera-photo-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/camera-video-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/camera-web-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/computer-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-encrypted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-ieee1394-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-root-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-harddisk-usb-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-multidisk-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-multipartition-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-partition-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/drive-removable-media-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-dialpad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-gamepad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-keyboard-virtual-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-mouse-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-tablet-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/input-touchpad-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-flash-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-floppy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-optical-bd-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-optical-cd-audio-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-optical-dvd-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-optical-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/media-removable-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/multimedia-player-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/network-wired-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/network-wireless-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/phone-apple-iphone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/phone-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/printer-network-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/devices/symbolic/printer-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-added.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-checked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-encrypted-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-mounted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-readonly.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-shared.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-success.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-symbolic-link.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-unmounted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/emblem-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/rating-half.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/rating-unrated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/rating.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-added.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-conflicting.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-locally-modified.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-removed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/22/vcs-update-required.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-default-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-documents-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-favorite-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-important-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-music-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-ok-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-photos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-shared-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-synchronizing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-system-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emblems/symbolic/emblem-videos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/drink-beer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/drink-martini.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-angel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-angry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-clown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-confused.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-cool.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-crying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-devilish.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-embarrassed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-glasses.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-hug-left.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-hug-right.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-in-love.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-kiss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-laughing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-ninja.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-pirate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-quiet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-raspberry.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-sad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-sick.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-sleeping.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-smile-big.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-smile-grin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-smile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-smirk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-surprise.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-uncertain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-wink.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-worried.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/face-yawn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/emotes/22/food-cake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/index.theme
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/22/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/32/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/android-package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-dicom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-mac-binhex40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-msonenote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-msoutlook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.apple.pkpass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.flatpak.ref.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.iccprofile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.binary.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-infopath.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.addin.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slide.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.slideshow.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.nokia.xml.qt.resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.squashfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.potx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.pptx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xls.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlsx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-wps-office.xltx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-chm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-core.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-resource.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-scene.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-godot-shader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-it87.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kdenlivetitle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexi-connectiondata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kmymoney.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kplato.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-labplot2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-macbinary.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-marble.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-shortcut.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-wim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-partial-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-qemu-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-skg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-skgc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-source-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-srt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-srtrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-xliff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-xz-pkg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-zip-compressed-fb2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-xmind.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-vn.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.djvu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-vnd.trolltech.qpicture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/message-partial.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-dockerfile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.kde.kcrash-report.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.trolltech.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-wiki.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-adasrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-apport.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-hex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-mpsub.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-rpm-spec.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-sass.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-scss.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-mp2t.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/viewbib.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/viewdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/viewhtml.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/viewpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/viewps.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/vnd.ms-publisher.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-kde-nsplugin-generated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-media-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/mimetypes/64/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/document-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-add.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/mail-folder-inbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/mail-folder-outbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/mail-folder-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/network-server-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/org.xfce.gigolo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/repository.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/server-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/22/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/32/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/48/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-android.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-build.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-calculate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-chart.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-crash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-database.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-design.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-git.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-godot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-java.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-mac.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-paint.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-snap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-table.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/64/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/certificate-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-black.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-brown.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-cyan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-decrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-development.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-games.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-gdrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-green.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-image-people.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-image.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-important.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-magenta.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-onedrive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-orange.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-picture.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-print.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-public.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-red.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-root.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-script.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-temp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-text.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-txt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-violet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder-yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/folder_html.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/start-here-kde-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/start-here-kde.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/96/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-documents-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-download-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-games-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-music-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-pictures-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-publicshare-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-remote-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-root-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-saved-search-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-templates-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/folder-videos-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/network-server-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/network-workgroup-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/start-here-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/user-bookmarks-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/user-desktop-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/user-home-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/places/symbolic/user-trash-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/device-notifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/plasma-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-locale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-devices-cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-devices-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-devices-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-devices-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-kde-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-security-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-smart-status.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-linux.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-power-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-session-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-splash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-startup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-behavior.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-system-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-virtualization-container.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/22/yast-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/amarok_change_language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/device-notifier.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/face-smile.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/financial-schedule.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/gtkconfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/kaccess.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/kde-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/kdeconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/kded5.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/krunner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/ksmserver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/mediacontrol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/plasma-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/plasmagik.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/plasmashell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/podcast-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-activities.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-baloo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cryptography.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-cursors.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-default-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display-color.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-display.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-effects.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-emoticons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-filter.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-font.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-screenedges.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-gestures-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-launch-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-locale.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-menu-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-navigation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification-bell.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-peripherals.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-screensaver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-search.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-text-to-speech.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-global.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme-windowdecorations.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-thunderbolt.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-user.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-virtual.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop-wallpaper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-devices-cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-devices-drive-optical-check.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-devices-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-devices-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-devices-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-kde-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-log.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-releasenotes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-security-apparmor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-security-firewall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-security-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-smart-status.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-backup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-linux.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-login.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ethernet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-iscsi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-ntp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-boot.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dhcp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-dns.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ftp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-installation.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-iscsi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-ldap.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-slp.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server-web.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-share.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-sharing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network-wakeonlan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-network.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-performance.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-power-management.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-session-services.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-splash.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-startup.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-time.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-user-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-actions.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-behavior.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows-move.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-system-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-container.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-migrate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm-new.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-virtualization-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-adblock.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cache.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-cookies.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-identification.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-shortcuts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-ssl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences-web-browser-stylesheets.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/window-duplicate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-addon-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-addon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-alternatives.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-apparmor.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-auth-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-autoyast.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-bootloader.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-checkmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-create-new-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-device-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-dhcp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-disk.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-dns-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-docker.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-dsl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-fcoe.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-firewall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-fonts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-ftp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-hardware-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-host.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-http-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-hwinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-instserver.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-iscsi-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-kerberos-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-kernel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-lan.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-language.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-ldap-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-ldap-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-misc-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-network-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-nfs-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-nis-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-nis.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-ntp-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-release-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-samba-client.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-samba-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-security-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-security.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-services-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-slp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-snapper.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-software-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-sudo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-support-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-support.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-sw_source.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-sysconfig.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-system-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-tftp-server.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-timezone.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-update-online-configuration.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-update-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-update.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-users.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-vm-group.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-vm-install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-vm-migrate.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/preferences/32/yast-wol.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/TeamViewer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/appointment-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/appointment-reminder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-volume-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-volume-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-volume-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/audio-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/auth-sim-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/auth-sim-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-caution-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-empty-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-full-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-good-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-low-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/call-incoming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/call-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/call-outgoing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/camera-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/camera-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/camera-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/cloudstatus.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/com.github.ztefn.haguichi-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/data-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/data-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/data-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/disk-quota-critical.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/disk-quota-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/disk-quota-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/disk-quota.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dropboxstatus-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dropboxstatus-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/dropboxstatus-x.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-googlepinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-pinyin-libpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-pinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin-libpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-shuangpin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-sunpinyin.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/fcitx-wubi.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/firewall-applet-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/firewall-applet-panic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/firewall-applet-shields_up.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/firewall-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/flameshot-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/haguichi-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/haguichi-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/haguichi-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/haguichi-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/haguichi-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/image-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/input-caps-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/input-keyboard-virtual-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/input-touchpad-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/input-touchpad-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/install.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/irc-channel-joined.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/irc-channel-parted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/kdeconnect-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/media-playback-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/media-playback-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/media-playback-stopped.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/meeting-organizer.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/mic-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/mic-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/mic-ready.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/microphone-sensitivity-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-bluetooth-activated-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-bluetooth-activated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-flightmode-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-flightmode-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-limited.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-20.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-40.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-60.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-edge-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-gprs-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsdpa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsdpa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hspa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsupa-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-hsupa.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-lte-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-lte.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-umts-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-80.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-mobile-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wired-activated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wired-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wired-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-acquiring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-connected-00.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-connected-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-connected-25.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-connected-50.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-connected-75.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-signal-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-signal-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-device-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-nm-signal-00.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-nm-signal-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-nm-signal-25.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-nm-signal-50.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-nm-signal-75.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/nm-no-connection.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/redshift-status-off.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/redshift-status-on.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/rotation-allowed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/rotation-locked-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/rotation-locked-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/script-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/security-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/security-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/security-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-download.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/state-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-complete.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-process-0.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-process-1.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-process-2.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-process-3.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-process-4.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/task-reminder.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/telegram-attention-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/telegram-mute-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/telegram-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/temperature-cold.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/temperature-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/temperature-warm.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/transmission-tray-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/uninstall.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/update-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/update-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/update-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/update-none.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-available.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-away-extended.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-away.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/user-online.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/22/video-card-inactive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/appointment-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-caution-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-empty-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-full-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-full.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-good-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-good.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-low-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/call-incoming.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/call-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/call-outgoing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/rotation-allowed.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/rotation-locked-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/rotation-locked-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/32/task-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/48/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-information.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-password.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-positive.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/image-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/security-high.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/security-low.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/64/security-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/alarm-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/appointment-missed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/appointment-soon-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/audio-volume-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/audio-volume-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/audio-volume-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/audio-volume-muted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/auth-sim-locked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/auth-sim-missing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/avatar-default-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-caution-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-empty-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-full-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-good-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/battery-missing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/call-incoming-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/call-missed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/call-outgoing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/changes-allow-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/changes-prevent-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/channel-insecure-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/channel-secure-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/computer-fail-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/content-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/dialog-error-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/dialog-warning-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/folder-open-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/image-loading-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/mail-attachment-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/mail-read-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/mail-replied-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/mail-unread-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-consecutive-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-song-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-repeat-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/media-playlist-shuffle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/microphone-sensitivity-muted-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/non-starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/printer-error-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/printer-printing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/printer-warning-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/process-working-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/rating-unrated.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/rotation-allowed-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-landscape-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-portrait-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/rotation-locked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/security-high-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/security-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/security-medium-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/semi-starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/starred-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/system-lock-screen-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-available-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-away-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-busy-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-idle-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-invisible-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-not-tracked-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-offline-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-status-pending-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/user-trash-full-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Breeze/status/symbolic/view-wrapped-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/add-files-to-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/add-folder-to-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/address-book-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/application-exit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/appointment-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/appointment.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/audio-cd-duplicate.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/audio-cd-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/back.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/bonobo-component-browser.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/bookmark-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/bookmark_add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/bookmark_list_add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/bottom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/browser-download.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/cab_extract.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/call-start.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/call-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/centrejust.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/contact-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/dialog-apply.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/dialog-no.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/dialog-ok.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/dialog-yes.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-edit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-export.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-import.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-open-recent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-open.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-page-setup.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-print-preview.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-print.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-properties.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-revert.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-save-as.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-save.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/document-send.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/down.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-clear.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-cut.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-delete.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-find-replace.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-find.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-paste.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-redo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-select-all.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/edit-undo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/editclear.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/editcopy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/editcut.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/editdelete.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/editpaste.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/exit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/extract-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/file_new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/filefind.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/fileopen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/fileprint.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/filesave.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/filesaveas.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/find.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/finish.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/folder-copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/folder-move.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/folder-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/folder_new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-indent-less.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-indent-more.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-justify-center.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-justify-fill.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-justify-left.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-justify-right.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-bold.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-direction-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-direction-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-italic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-strikethrough.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/format-text-underline.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/forward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/games-endturn.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-app-install-star.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-lockscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-log-out.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-logout.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-run.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-searchtool.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-session-logout.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-mail-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-mail-snd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-text-indent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gnome-stock-text-unindent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-bottom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-down.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-first.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-jump.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-last.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-next.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-previous.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-top.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/go-up.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gohome.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-about.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-apply.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-bold.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-cancel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-clear.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-close.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-cut.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-delete.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-edit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-execute.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-find-and-replace.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-find.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-back-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-back-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-down.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-forward-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-forward-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-go-up.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-bottom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-first-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-first-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-last-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-last-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-goto-top.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-indent-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-indent-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-italic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-jump-to-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-jump-to-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-justify-center.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-justify-fill.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-justify-left.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-justify-right.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-leave-fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-next-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-next-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-pause.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-play-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-previous-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-previous-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-record.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-media-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-no.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-ok.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-open.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-paste.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-print-preview.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-print.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-properties.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-quit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-redo-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-refresh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-remove.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-save-as.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-save.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-select-all.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-sort-ascending.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-sort-descending.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-spell-check.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-strikethrough.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-underline.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-undo-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-unindent-ltr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-unindent-rtl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-yes.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-zoom-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-zoom-fit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-zoom-in.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/gtk-zoom-out.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/help-about.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/help-contents.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/im-message-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/insert-image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/insert-link.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/insert-object.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/insert-text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/internet-radio-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/iso-image-burn.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/kfind.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/kfm-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/leftjust.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/list-add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/list-remove.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/locationbar-erase.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/lock.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/lxde-logout.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-attachment.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-folder-sent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-forward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-inbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-important.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-junk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-not-junk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-notjunk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-read.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-mark-unread.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-message-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-outbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-read.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-replied.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-reply-all.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-reply-sender.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-send-receive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-send.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-sent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail-unread.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail_forward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail_new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail_reply.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail_replyall.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/mail_send.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-eject.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-import-audio-cd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-optical-audio-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-optical-burn.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-optical-copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-optical-data-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-optical-video-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-playback-pause.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-playback-start.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-playback-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-playlist-repeat.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-playlist-shuffle.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-record.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-skip-backward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-skip-forward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/media-write-cd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/next.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/object-flip-horizontal.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/object-flip-vertical.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/object-rotate-left.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/object-rotate-right.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/ok.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/package-install.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/package-remove.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/package-upgrade.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player-eject.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_end.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_pause.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_play.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_record.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_start.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/player_stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/podcast-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/preview-file.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/previous.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/process-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/redhat-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/redo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/reload.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/reload3.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/reload_all_tabs.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/reload_page.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/remove.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/revert.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/rhythmbox-set-star.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/rightjust.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/rotate.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/search.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/star.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/start.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock-refresh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_about.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_add-bookmark.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_attach.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_bookmark.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_bottom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_calc-accept.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_close.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_cut.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_delete.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_down.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_file-properties.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_first.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_folder-copy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_folder-move.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_folder-properties.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_help-add-bookmark.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_inbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_last.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_leave-fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_left.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-compose.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-filters-apply.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-forward.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-reply-to-all.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-reply.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-send-receive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mail-send.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_mark.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-next.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-pause.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-play.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-prev.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-rec.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_media-stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-address-book.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-appointment.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-bcard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-dir.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-tab.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_new-window.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_no.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_outbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_paste.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_print-preview.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_print-setup.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_print.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_properties.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_redo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_repeat.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_right.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_save-as.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_save.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_search-and-replace.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_search.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_select-all.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_sent-mail.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_shuffle.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_spellcheck.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text-strikethrough.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_bold.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_center.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_indent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_italic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_justify.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_left.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_right.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_underlined.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_text_unindent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_top.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_undo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_up.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_yes.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_zoom-1.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_zoom-in.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_zoom-out.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stock_zoom-page.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/stop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-lock-screen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-log-out.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-run.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-search.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-shutdown.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/system-upgrade.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/tab-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/tab_new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/tag-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/text_bold.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/text_italic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/text_strike.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/text_under.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/tools-check-spelling.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/top.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/undo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/up.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-compact-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-compact.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-details-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-details.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-icons-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-list-icons.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-refresh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-restore.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-sort-ascending.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/view-sort-descending.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/viewmag+.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/viewmag-.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/viewmag1.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/viewmagfit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/visualization.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/window-close.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/window-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/window_fullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/window_new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/window_nofullscreen.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/xfce-system-exit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/xfce-system-lock.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/xfsm-logout.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-best-fit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-fit-best.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-fit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-in.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-original.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/actions/64/zoom-out.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-accessories.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-astronomy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-boardgames.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-cardgames.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-debugging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-development.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-electronics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-fonts.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-games.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-interfacedesign.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-internet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-java.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-mail.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-mathematics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-monodevelopment.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-multimedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-office.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-other.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-painting.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-photography.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-publishing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-puzzles.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-python.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-ruby.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-science.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-utilities.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-viewers.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/applications-webbrowsers.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/configuration_section.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-applications.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-control-center.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-devel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-globe.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-joystick.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-multimedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-other.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-settings.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-tweak-tool.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gnome-util.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/gtk-preferences.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/kcontrol.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/multimedia_section.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_development.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_games.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_multimedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_office.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/package_utilities.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/preferences-desktop-personal.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/preferences-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/preferences-other.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/preferences-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-accessories.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-games.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-internet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-office.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-preferences.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-programming.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-sound_video.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/redhat-system_tools.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/stock_internet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/system_section.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-devel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-games.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-internet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-multimedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-office.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce-utils.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/categories/64/xfce4-settings.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/audio-card.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/battery-good-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/battery.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/block-device.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/camera-photo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/camera-web.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/camera.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/camera_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/cdrom_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/cdwriter_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/chardevice.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/computer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/cupsprinter.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/display.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-cdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-harddisk-scsi.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-harddisk-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-harddisk-usb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-harddisk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-optical.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-removable-media-ieee1394.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-removable-media-scsi.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-removable-media-usb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/drive-removable-media.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/dvd_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-cd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-computer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-battery.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-cdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-computer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-cdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-dvd-alt.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-dvd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-ethernet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-floppy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-harddisk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-ipod.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-keyboard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-printer-network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-printer-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-printer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-removable-1394.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-removable-usb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-removable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-unknown-1394.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-dev-wavelan.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gnome-fs-client.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gtk-cdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gtk-floppy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gtk-harddisk.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/gtkpod.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/harddrive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/hdd_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/i-network-printer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/input-gaming.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/input-keyboard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/input-mouse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/input-tablet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/ipod_mount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/joystick.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/keyboard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/kjobviewer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/kxkb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-cdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-cdrom-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-cdrom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-cdrw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-dvd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-dvdrw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-floppy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-cd-r.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-cd-rw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-cd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-cdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd-r-plus.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd-r.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd-ram.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd-rom.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd-rw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical-dvd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-optical.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/media-removable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/monitor.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/mouse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-apple-ipod.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-blue.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-green.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-grey.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-orange.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-pink.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod-touch.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player-ipod.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/multimedia-player.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/music-player.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/network-vpn.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/network-wired-disconnected.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/network-wired.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/network-wireless.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/network_fs.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/nfs.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/pda.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/printer-remote.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/printer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/printer1.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/printmgr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/samba.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/scanner.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/stock_music-library.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/stock_printers.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/system-floppy.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/usbpendrive_unmount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/video-display.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/xfce-mount.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/xfce-printer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/xfce4-display.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/xfce4-keyboard.svg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/xfce4-mouse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_HD.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_idetude.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_joystick.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_mouse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_printer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/devices/64/yast_soundcard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-OK.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-art.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-art.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-camera.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-camera.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-cool.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-danger.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-danger.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-default.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-default.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-desktop.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-development.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-development.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-documents.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-documents.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-downloads.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-downloads.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-draft.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-dropbox-syncing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-favorite.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-favorite.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-generic.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-important.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-important.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-mail.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-mail.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-marketing.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-marketing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-money.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-money.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-multimedia.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-multimedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-new.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-new.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-noread.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-noread.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-nowrite.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-nowrite.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-ohno.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-package.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-package.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-people.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-people.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-personal.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-personal.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-photos.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-pictures.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-plan.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-presentation.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-presentation.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-readonly.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-readonly.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-sales.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-sales.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-shared.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-shared.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-sound.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-sound.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-symbolic-link.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-symbolic-link.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-synchronizing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-system.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-ubuntuone-synchronized.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-ubuntuone-unsynchronized.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-ubuntuone-updating.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-unreadable.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-unreadable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-urgent.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-urgent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-videos.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-videos.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-web.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/emblem-web.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/emblems/64/important.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/index.theme
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-7zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-atom+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-illustrator.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-mbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-msword.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-octet-stream.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-ogg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-pdf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-encrypted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-pgp-keys.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-pkcs7-mime.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-rss+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-rtf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-access.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-excel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.scribus.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-vnd.wordperfect.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-7z-compressed.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-7zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-ace.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-arc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-bittorrent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-cd-image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-class-file.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-compress.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-compressed-tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-csproj.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-cue.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-deb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-designer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-executable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-extension-html.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-flash-video.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-glade.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-gnome-theme-package.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-gnumeric.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-gzip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-jar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-java-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-java.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-keepass.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-lha.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-lhz.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-m4.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-matroska.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-ms-dos-executable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-msdownload.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-ole-storage.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-pak.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-pem-key.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-php.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-python-bytecode.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-rar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-rpm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-ruby.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-scribus.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-shellscript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-shockwave-flash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-sln.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite2.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-sqlite3.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-theme.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-trash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-x-zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/application-zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-mpeg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-adpcm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-flac+ogg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mp3-playlist.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mpeg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-mpegurl.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-ms-wma.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-scpls.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-speex+ogg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/audio-x-wav.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/authors.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/binary.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/deb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/document.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/encrypted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/exec.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/extension.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/folder_tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/font-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/font.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/font_bitmap.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/font_truetype.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/font_type1.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-fs-executable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-fs-regular.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-msword.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-ogg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-pdf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-postscript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-rtf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.scribus.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-ace.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-java.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-php.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-application-zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-bmp.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-gif.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-png.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-tiff.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-vnd.microsoft.icon.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-css.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-html.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-plain.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-c++hdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-c.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-install.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-java-source.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-java.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-python.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-source.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-text.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-video.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-mime-x-install.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gnome-package.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/gtk-file.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/html.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-bmp.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-gif.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-jpeg2000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-png.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-svg+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-tiff.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-eps.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-ico.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-icon.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-portable-bitmap.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-psd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-svg+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-tga.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-win-bitmap.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image-x-xcf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/jpeg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/jpg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/kpresenter_kpr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/media-audio.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/media-image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/media-video.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/message-rfc822.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/message.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/misc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/multipart-encrypted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/none.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/office-document.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/office-illustration.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/office-spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/openofficeorg3-database.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/openofficeorg3-drawing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/openofficeorg3-extension.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/opera-extension.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/opera-unite-application.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/opera-widget.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/package-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/package.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/package_editors.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/package_wordprocessing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/pdf.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/phatch-actionlist.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/playlist-automatic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/playlist.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/rpm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/shellscript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/sound.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/source-playlist.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/source-smart-playlist.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/stock_addressbook.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/stock_calendar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/stock_script.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/svg.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/tar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/template_source.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-css.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-enriched.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-html.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-htmlh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-mht.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-plain.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-richtext.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-authors.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-bak.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-bibtex.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++hdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-c++src.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-c.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-changelog.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-chdr.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-copying.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-credits.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-csrc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-css.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic-template.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-install.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-java-source.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-java.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-javascript.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-makefile.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-preview.icon
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-preview.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-python.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-readme.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-script.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-source.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-sql.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-tex.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-x-vcard.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-xhtml+xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/text-xml.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/txt.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/txt2.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/unknown.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/vcalendar.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/video-x-generic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/video.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/wordprocessing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/www.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-dia-diagram.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-office-address-book.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-office-document.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-office-drawing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-office-presentation.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/x-office-spreadsheet.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/mimetypes/64/zip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/application-x-gnome-saved-search.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/archlinux-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/bookmark-missing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/debian-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-archlinux.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-debian.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-fedora.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-frugalware.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-gentoo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-linux-mint.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-mandriva.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-opensuse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-slackware.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo-ubuntu.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/distributor-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/emptytrash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/fedora-logo-icon.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/fedora-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-documents.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-download.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-downloads.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-drag-accept.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-dropbox.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-images.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-music.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-open.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-pictures.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-publicshare.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-recent.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-remote-ftp.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-remote-nfs.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-remote-smb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-remote-ssh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-remote.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-saved-search.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-system.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-templates.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-ubuntu.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-videos.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder-wine.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder_download.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder_home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder_images.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder_open.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/folder_pictures.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/frugalware-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-blockdev.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-bookmark.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-dav.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-directory-accept.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-directory.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-ftp.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-nfs.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-share.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-smb.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-ssh.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-fs-trash-empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-main-menu.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gnome-stock-trash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gtk-directory.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/gtk-network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/inode-directory.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/mandriva-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/network-server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/network-workgroup.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/network.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/network_local.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/novell-button.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/opensuse-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/redhat-network-server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/server.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-archlinux.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-debian.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-fedora.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-frugalware.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-gentoo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-gnome.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-linux-mint.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-mandriva.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-opensuse.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-slackware.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here-ubuntu.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/start-here.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/stock_folder.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/stock_open.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/trashcan_empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/ubuntu-logo.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-bookmarks.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-desktop.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-home.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-images.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-pictures.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-share.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/user-trash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/places/64/xfce-trash_empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/appointment-soon.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/apport.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-add.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-cleanup.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-delete.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-download.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-resolve.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-update-cache.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-upgrade.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-wait.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/aptdaemon-working.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-high-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-low-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-medium-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-muted-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-muted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-off.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/audio-volume-zero-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-caution-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-empty-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-full-charged-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-full-charging-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-full-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-good-charging-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-good-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-low-charging-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery-low-symbolic.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_caution.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_third_fouth.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/battery_two_thirds.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/connect_creating.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/connect_established.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/connect_no.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-information.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-password.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-question.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/dialog-warning.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/edittrash.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/glipper.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/glippy-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gmp-ups-missing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-fs-trash-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-0-24.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-25-49.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-50-74.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-75-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-disconn.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-idle.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-rx.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-tx.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-netstatus-txrx.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gnome-stock-trash-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ac-adapter.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-battery-charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-primary-charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gpm-ups-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-dialog-authentication.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-dialog-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-dialog-info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-dialog-question.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-dialog-warning.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/gtk-missing-image.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/image-loading.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/image-missing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/messagebox_critical.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/messagebox_info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/messagebox_warning.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-idle.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-offline.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-receive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-transmit-receive.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/network-transmit.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-adhoc.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-device-wired-autoip.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-device-wired.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-device-wireless.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-device-wwan.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-no-connection.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-0.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-00.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-25.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-50.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/nm-signal-75.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-audio-volume-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-audio-volume-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-audio-volume-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-audio-volume-muted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-audio-volume-off.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-000-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-020-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-040-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-060-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-080-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-100-plugged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-battery-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-battery-empty.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gpm-ups-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gsm-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gsm-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gsm-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gsm-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-gsm-none.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-message-email.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-disconnected.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-ethernet-connected.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-ethernet-disconnected.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-disconnected.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/notification-network-wireless-none.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/printer-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/printer-printing.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_away.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_dnd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_invisible.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_na.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_offline.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_online.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/skype_skypeme.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_appointment-reminder.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_dialog-error.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_dialog-info.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_dialog-question.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_dialog-warning.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_trash_full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume-0.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume-max.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume-med.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume-min.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume-mute.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_volume.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_weather-night-clear.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/stock_weather-sunny.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/sunny.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/trashcan_full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/user-trash-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-010.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-030.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-050.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-070.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-090.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-110.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-120.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-130.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-140.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-150.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-160.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-170.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-180.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-190.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-200.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-210.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-220.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-230.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-240.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-250.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-260.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-270.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-280.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-290.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-300.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-310.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-320.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-330.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-340.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night-350.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear-night.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clear.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clouds-night.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-clouds.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-few-clouds-night.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-few-clouds.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-fog.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-overcast.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-severe-alert.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-showers-scattered.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-showers.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-snow.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/weather-storm.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce-trash-full.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-muted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-no-muted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-low-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-medium.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-ultra-low.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-mixer-volume-very-high.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-notifyd.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfce4-weather.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfm-battery-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-ac-adapter.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-battery-charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-000-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-000.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-020-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-020.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-040-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-040.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-060-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-060.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-080-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-080.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-100-charging.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-100.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/status/64/xfpm-primary-charged.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/stock/64/avatar-default.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/stock/64/stock_new-meeting.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/stock/64/stock_people.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/stock/64/stock_person-panel.png
resources/graphics/Faenza/stock/64/stock_person.png
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/CVnamespace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/accept_time_event.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/action-albumfolder-importdir2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/action-rss_tag.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/action-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/active-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/add-files-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/add-folder-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/address-book-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/addressbook-details.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/adjustrgb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/akonadi-phone-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/albumfolder-importdir.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/albumfolder-importimages.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/albumfolder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/albumfolder-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/albumfolder-user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-left-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-right-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-horizontal-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-top-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-top-to-anchor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/align-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_artist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_clock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_playcount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/amarok_playlist_refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/answer-correct.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/answer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/application-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/application-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/appointment-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/appointment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/archive-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/archive-insert-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/archive-insert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/archive-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-down-double.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-left-double.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-right-double.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-up-double.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/autocorrection.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/back.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/blue-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/blue-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/blue-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/blue-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bold.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bonobo-component-browser.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-add-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-new-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark-toolbar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmark_add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmarks-organize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bookmarks_list_add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bp-next.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bp-prev.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bp-rm-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bp-toggle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bqm-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/bqm-rmqueue.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/brown-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/brown-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/brown-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/brown-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/browser-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/button_cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/cab_extract.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/calendar-go-today.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/call-end.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/call-start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/call-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/cards-block.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/checkbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/chronometer-lap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/chronometer-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/chronometer-reset.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/chronometer-start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/chronometer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/clock-large.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/clock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/collection-rescan-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-gradient.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-picker-black.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-picker-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-picker-white.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/color-select.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/component.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/configure-toolbars.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/configure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/contact-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/contrast.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/credentials-add-account.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/custom-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/custom-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/custom-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/custom-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/db-cont.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/db-step-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/db-step-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/db-step.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/db-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/default-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/default-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/default-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/default-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/delete-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/diag_component.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-layers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-no.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-ok-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-transform.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dialog-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-graph.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-node.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-horizontal-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-remove-overlaps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-unclump.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-baseline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-equal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-gaps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-node.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/distribute-vertical-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-export-table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-export.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-import.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-open-data.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-open-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-page-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-print-frame.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-print-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-print.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-revert-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-revert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-save.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-send.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/document-sign.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/documentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/documentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-arrow-back.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-arrow-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-arrow-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-calligraphic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-connector.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-cuboid.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-ellipse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-eraser.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-freehand.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-path.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-polygon-star.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-rectangle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-spiral.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/draw-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/dynamic-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-history.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-locationbar-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-cut.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-delete-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-delete-shred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-entry.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-find-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-find-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-find-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-find-user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-find.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-flag.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-map.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-mark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-paste.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-redo-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-redo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-rename.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-cell-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-cell-split.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-delete-column.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-delete-row.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-insert-column-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-above.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-below.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-table-insert-row-under.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-undo-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-undo-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit-undo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editclear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editcopy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editcut.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editdelete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/editpaste.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/end_of_life.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/end_state.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/entry-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/entry-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/eog-image-gallery.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/eom-image-collection.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/epiphany-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/event-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-contacts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-memos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/evolution-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/exchange-positions-clockwise.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/exchange-positions-zorder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/exchange-positions.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/exifinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/exit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/extract-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/feed-arrow-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/feed-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/file-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/file-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filefind.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filename-artist-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filename-ignore-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filename-year-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filenew.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fileprint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filequickprint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filesave.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filesaveas.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fileview-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fill-rule-even-odd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/fill-rule-nonzero.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filter-note-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/filter-note-unfiled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/find-location.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/find.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/finish.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/folder-tag.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/folder_color_picker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/folder_new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/font-select.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-fill-color.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-indent-less-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-indent-less.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-indent-more-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-indent-more.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-justify-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-justify-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-justify-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-justify-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-direction-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-direction-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-italic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-strikethrough.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/format-text-underline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/freerotation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-config-background.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-config-custom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-difficult.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-endturn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/games-solve.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/geany-build.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/geany-close-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/geany-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/globe.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-app-install-star.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-lockscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-run.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-searchtool.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-session-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-session-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-fwd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-rpl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gnome-stock-mail-snd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-back-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-down-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-first-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-first-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-first-view.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-first.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-forward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-home-large.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-jump-locationbar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-jump-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-jump-today.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-jump.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-last-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-last-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-last-view.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-last.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-next-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-next-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-next-view.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-next.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-previous-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-previous-view-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-previous-view.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-previous.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-today.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-up-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gohome.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/green-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/green-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/green-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/green-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/grey-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/grey-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/grey-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/grey-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/group-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/group-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/group.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-about.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-bold.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-color-picker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-convert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-cut.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-dnd-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-dnd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-execute.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-find-and-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-find.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-back-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-back-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-forward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-go-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-first-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-last-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-goto-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-help.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-index.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-jump-to-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-leave-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-forward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-next-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-next-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-play-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-previous-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-rewind-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-media-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-no.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-orientation-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-orientation-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-orientation-reverse-landscape.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-orientation-reverse-portrait.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-page-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-paste.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print-report.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-print.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-quit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-redo-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-revert-to-saved-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-save-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-save.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-select-color.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-select-font.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-spell-check.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-undelete-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-undelete-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-undelete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-undo-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-yes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-zoom-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-zoom-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/gtk-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-contents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-contextual.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-faq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-feedback.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-hint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/help.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/hint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/history-view.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/hook-notifier.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/identity.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/im-ban-user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/im-irc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/im-jabber.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-adjust.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-auto-adjust.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-crop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-gallery.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-loading.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-red-eye.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/image-zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/initial_state.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-horizontal-rule.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-link.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-object.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-table-row.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-tableofcontents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/insert-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/internet-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/internet-services.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/invertimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/irc-close-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/irc-join-channel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/italic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/journal-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-add-text-clip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-hor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-align-vert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-deleffect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-spacer-tool.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdenlive-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kdocumentinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kfind.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kfm_home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/knotes_alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/knotes_close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/knotes_date.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/knotes_delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kontes_close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/korg-todo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kr_jumpback.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kstars_advanced.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kstars_colors.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kstars_guides.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-bandwidth-scheduler.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-change-tracker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-check-data.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-info-widget.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-restore-defaults.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/kt-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/ktnef_extract_to.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/label-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-auto-scale-y.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/labplot-zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_alignblock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_aligncenter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_alignhorizontalcenter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_alignleft.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_alignright.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_bold.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_crop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_decrementindent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_deletecolumns.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_deleterows.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_incrementindent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_italic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_mergecells.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_sortascending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_sortdescending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lc_underline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lighttableadd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-add-user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-itemize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-remove-user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/list-resource-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-attachment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-deleted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-forwarded.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-mark-important.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-mark-junk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-mark-notjunk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-mark-read.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-mark-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-message.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-read.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-replied.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-reply-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-reply-sender.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-send-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-thread-ignored.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail_forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail_new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail_reply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/mail_replyall.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-import-audio-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playback-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playback-record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playback-start-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playback-start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playback-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playlist-repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-playlist-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-seek-backward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-seek-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-seek-forward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-seek-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-skip-backward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-skip-backward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-skip-forward-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-skip-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-track-add-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-track-edit-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/media-track-remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/meeting-attending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/menu_new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/merge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/msgid2msgstr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/nemo-eject.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/network-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/network-disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/next.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-break.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-delete-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-join-segment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-join.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-type-auto-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-type-cusp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-type-smooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/node-type-symmetric.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/note-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/note.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/notebook-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/notebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-left-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-horizontal-right-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-vertical-bottom-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-vertical-center-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-align-vertical-top-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-crop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-fill.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-flip-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-flip-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-group-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-group.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-inverse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-merge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-rotate-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-rotate-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-rotate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-straighten.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-stroke-style.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-stroke.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-ungroup-calligra.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object-ungroup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/object.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/offline-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/online.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/open-for-editing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/open-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/orange-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/orange-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/orange-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/orange-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-available-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-available-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-broken.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-downgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-install.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-installed-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-installed-outdated.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-installed-updated.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-purge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-reinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-supported.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/package-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/page-zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-gradient-linear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-gradient-radial.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-pattern.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-solid.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-swatch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/paint-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/panel-searchtool.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/password-generate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/password-show-off.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/photo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/photos-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/pink-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/pink-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/pink-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/pink-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/pixelart-trace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_eject.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_end.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_fwd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_play.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_rew.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/player_stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/playlist-generator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/playlist-sort.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/poedit-fuzzy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/poedit-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/poedit-validate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/postalcode.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/practice-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/practice-start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/practice-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/preferences-media-playback-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/previous.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/printer-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/printer-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/printer-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/printer-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/process-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/project-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/purple-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/purple-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/purple-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/purple-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/query-free-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/randomize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/rating.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/ratiocrop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/red-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/red-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/red-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/red-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/redeyes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/redhat-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/redo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/refactor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/region.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/relationship.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/reload.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/reload3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/reload_all_tabs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/reload_page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remmina-fit-window.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remmina-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remmina-scale.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remmina-switch-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remove-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/resource-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/resource-group.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/revert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/rhythmbox-set-star.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/rotate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/segment-curve.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/segment-line.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-break.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-combine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-exclude.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-raise.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/selection-top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/send-to.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/setroubleshoot_icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/settings-configure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/shallow-history.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/shear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/shotwell-auto-enhance.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/show-hidden.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/sidebar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/similarartists-amarok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/slideshow-play.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/smallclock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/sort-name.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/sort_incr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/specific-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/split.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/star-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/start-over.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/start.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/step_object_Note.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock-spell-check.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_about.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_add-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_alarm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_bell.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_calc-accept.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_calc-cancel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_calendar-and-taks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_contact-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_cut.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_edit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_exit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_file-properites.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_file-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_first.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_folder-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_folder_properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_help-add-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_help.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_insert-note.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_insert-rule.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_insert-table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_last.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_leave-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-compose.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-filters-apply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup-done.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-flag-for-followup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-forward.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-open-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-reply-to-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-reply.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-send-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-send.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mail-unread-multiple.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mailto.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_mark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-fwd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-next.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-play.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-prev.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-rec.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-rew.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_media-stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_navigator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-24h-appointment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-appointment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-bcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-dir.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-meeting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-tab.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_new-window.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_no.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_not.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_notes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_paste.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_people.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_print-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_print-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_print.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_redo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_repeat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_save-as.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_save.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_scores.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_search-and-replace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_select-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_select-column.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_select-row.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_show-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_task-assigned-to.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_task-assigned.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_task-recurring.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_task.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_text-monospaced.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_timezone.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_todo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_undo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_video-conferencing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_view-details.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_xfburn-burn-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_yes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_zoom-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stock_zoom-page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-cap-butt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-cap-round.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-cap-square.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-join-bevel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-join-miter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-join-round.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/stroke-to-path.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-lock-screen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-log-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-restart-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-restart.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-run.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-save-session.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-shut-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-shutdown-panel-restart.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-shutdown-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-shutdown-restart-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-suspend-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/system-users.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tab-close-other.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tab-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tab-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tab_new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-events.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-places.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tag.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tap-create.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tap-extract-to.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tap-extract.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-check-spelling.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-measure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-node-editor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-pointer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-spray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool-tweak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool_color_picker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tool_flood_fill.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tools-check-spelling.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/tools-wizard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/top.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-crop-and-resize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-crop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-move-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-move-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-rotate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-scale-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-scale-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-scale.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-shear-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-shear-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-shear-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-shear-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-skew-horizontal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transform-skew-vertical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/transsearch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbr-coll-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbr-message-found.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbr-message-lost.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbr-message-synchronous.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_component.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/umbrello_diagram_state.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/underline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/undo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/upindicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/user-group-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/user-identity.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-holiday.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-month.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-upcoming-days.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-week.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar-workweek.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-grid.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-history.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-list-details.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-list-icons.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-list-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-media-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-media-lyrics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-media-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-contacts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-journal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-notes.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-pim-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-all-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-all.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-own.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-tree.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-process-users.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-resource-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-restore.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-right-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-right-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-sort-ascending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-sort-descending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-split-left-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-split-top-bottom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-statistics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-table-of-contents-ltr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-task.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view-wrapped.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/view_fit_to_page.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/viewimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/viewmag+.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/viewmag-.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/viewmag1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/viewmagfit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/window-close.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/window-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/window_fullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/window_new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/window_nofullscreen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/wrapped.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/x-clementine-artist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/x-clementine-shuffle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/x-shape-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfce-system-exit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfce-system-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfsm-hibernate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfsm-logout.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfsm-reboot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfsm-shutdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/xfsm-suspend.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/yellow-add-folders-to-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/yellow-document-open-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/yellow-document-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/yellow-folder-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-best-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-fit-best.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-fit-height.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-fit-selection.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-fit-width.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-in-large.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-original.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-out-large.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-out.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-select-fit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-select-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-select-y.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom-select.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/actions/zoom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/gnome-spinner.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting01.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting02.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting03.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting04.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting05.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting06.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting07.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting08.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting09.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage01-connecting11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting01.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting02.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting03.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting04.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting05.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting06.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting07.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting08.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting09.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage02-connecting11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting01.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting02.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting03.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting04.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting05.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting06.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting07.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting08.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting09.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-stage03-connecting11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting01.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting02.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting03.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting04.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting05.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting06.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting07.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting08.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting09.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting13.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/nm-vpn-connecting14.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/animations/process-working.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/aim.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/facebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-exchange.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-facebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-flickr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-foursquare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-google.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-kerberos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-lastfm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-live.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-microsoft.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-msn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-owncloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-pocket.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-twitter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/goa-account-yahoo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/google.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/icq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-aim.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-icq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-jabber.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-msn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-nov.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/im-yahoo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/jabber.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/jockey-proprietary.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/jockey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/live.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/people-nearby.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/ppa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/salut.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/twitter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/window-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/apps/yahoo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/application-community.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-3D.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-accessories.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-arcade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-astronomy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-biology.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-boardgames.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-cardgames.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-chat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-debugging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-development.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-education.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-electronics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-engineering.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-filesharing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-fonts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-games.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-geography.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-geology.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-ide.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-interfacedesign.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-internet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-libraries.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-lisp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-mathematics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-monodevelopment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-ocaml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-office.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-other.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-painting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-photography.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-physics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-profiling.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-publishing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-puzzles.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-python.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-roleplaying.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-science.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-simulation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-sports.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-utilities.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-versioncontrol.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-viewers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/applications-webbrowsers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/configuration_section.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/documentation_help.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/documentation_section.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-applications.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-control-center.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-devel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-globe.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-joystick.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-other.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gnome-util.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/gtk-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/help-about.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/kcontrol.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/multimedia_section.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_development.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_games.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_office.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/package_utilities.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-autocompletion.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-calendar-and-tasks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-composer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-accessibility.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-display.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-filetype-association.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-font.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-peripherals-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-personal-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-personal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-plasma.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop-user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-gtk-config.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-mail-accounts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-other.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-network-proxy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-power.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-privacy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-time.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system-windows.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/preferences-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-accessories.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-games.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-internet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-office.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-preferences.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-programming.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-sound_video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-system_settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/redhat-system_tools.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/stock_internet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/system-help.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/system_section.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-devel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-games.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-internet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-office.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-system-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce-utils.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/categories/xfce4-settings.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/3floppy_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/ac-adapter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audio-card.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audio-headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audio-headset.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audio-input-microphone.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audio-speakers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/audiocard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/battery.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/block-device.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/camera-photo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/camera-unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/camera-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/camera.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/camera_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cdrom-unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cdrom_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cdwriter_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/chardevice.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/computer-apple-ipad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/computer-laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/computer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cups.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/cupsprinter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/deja-dup-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/device_cpu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/device_mem.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/device_pci.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/device_usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/display.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-harddisk-ieee1394.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-harddisk-scsi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-harddisk-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-harddisk-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-multidisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-removable-media-ieee1394.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb-pendrive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-removable-media-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/drive-removable-media.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/dvd_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-cd-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-computer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-battery.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-computer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-cdrw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr-plus.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdram.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-disc-dvdrw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-dvd-alt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-ethernet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-flashdisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-flashkey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-1394.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-ipod.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-jazdisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-media-cf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-media-memory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-media-ms.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sdmmc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-media-sm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-memory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-ball.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-mouse-properties.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-pcmcia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-printer-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-printer-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-1394.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-removable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-unknown-1394.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-unknown-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-wavelan.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-dev-zipdisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-fs-client.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-fs-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-ipod.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-phone-manager.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gnome-stock-mic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gtk-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gtk-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gtk-harddisk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/gtkpod.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/harddrive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/hdd-unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/hdd_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/headphones.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/i-network-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/input-gaming.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/input-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/input-tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/input-touchpad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/ipod-mount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/ipod_mount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/kjobviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/kxkb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/laptop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-cdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-cdrom-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-cdrom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-cdrom1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-cdrw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-dvdrw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-flash-cf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-flash-memory-stick.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-flash-ms.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-flash-sd-mmc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-jaz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-memory-sd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-memory-sm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-memory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-bd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-cd-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-cd-r.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-cd-rw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-cd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-cdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-data.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-r-plus.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-r.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-ram.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-rw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical-dvd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-optical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-removable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-tape.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/media-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/monitor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player-apple-ipod.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-mini-blue.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player-ipod-touch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player-ipod.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/multimedia-player.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/music-player.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-modem.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-vpn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-wired-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-wireless.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/network_fs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/nm-device-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/nm-device-wireless.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/pda.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/phone-motorola-droid.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/phone.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/printer-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/printer-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/printer1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/printmgr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/processor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/samba.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/scanner.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/smartphone.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/stock_cell-phone.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/stock_mic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/stock_printers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/system-config-soundcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/system-floppy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/tablet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/usbpendrive-unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/usbpendrive_unmount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/video-display.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/wired-gui.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/xfce-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/xfce4-display.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/xfce4-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/xfce4-mount.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/xfce4-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast-mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast-printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast_HD.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast_idetude.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast_mouse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast_printer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/devices/yast_soundcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/checkmark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/cs-xlet-installed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/cs-xlet-running.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/cs-xlet-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/cs-xlet-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-added.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-camera.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-checked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-danger.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-default.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-development.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-draft.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-app.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-selsync.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-syncing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-unsyncable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-dropbox-uptodate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-favorite.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-favorites.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-important.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-des-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-callbacks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced-shared.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-synced.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-syncing-shared.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-insync-syncing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-marketing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-money.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-multimedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-noread.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-nowrite.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-ohno.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-people.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-personal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-photos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-plan.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-readonly.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-remove.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-sales.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-shared.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-success.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-symbolic-link.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-synchronizing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-ubuntuone-synchronized.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-ubuntuone-unsynchronized.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-ubuntuone-updating.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-unavailable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-unreadable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-urgent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/emblem-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/mega-pending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/mega-synced.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/mega-syncing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/ownCloud_error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/ownCloud_ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/ownCloud_sync.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/ownCloud_warn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-added.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-conflicting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-locally-modified-unstaged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-locally-modified.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-removed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emblems/vcs-update-required.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-angel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-angry.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-clown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-confused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-cool.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-crying.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-devilish.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-embarrassed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-glasses.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-hug-left.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-hug-right.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-in-love.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-kiss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-laugh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-laughing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-ninja.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-pirate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-quiet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-raspberry.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-sad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-shutmouth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-sick.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-sleeping.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-smile-big.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-smile-grin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-smile.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-smirk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-surprise.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-surprised.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-tired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-uncertain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-wink.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-worried.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/emotes/face-yawn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-7zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-acad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-apk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-archive-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-archive-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-ascii.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-audio-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-autocad_dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-clariscad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-document-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-document-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-dxf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-epub+zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-ffDiaporama.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-font.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-geo+json.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-gml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-gpx+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-gpx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-jpg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-images.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-install.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-json.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-loc+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-mathematica.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-mathml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-mbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-msword-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-music-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-music-playlist-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-octet-stream.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-keys.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pgp-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pgp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-mime.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pkcs7-signature.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pkix-cerl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pkix-cert+pem.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-pkix-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-ram.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-rdata.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-relaxng.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-script-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-slf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-software.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-sxw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-table-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-template-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-torrent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-users.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vector-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vector.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vestor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd-google-earth-kml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.adobe.illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.amazon.mobi8-ebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.android.package-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ant.fit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.coffeescript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.corel-draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.debian.binary-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.fai.igc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.flatpak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.flowblade-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.geo+json.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.geogebra.file.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.google-earth.kmz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.form.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.link.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.note.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.script.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.slides.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.insync.link.drive.table.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.mlt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-access.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.sheet.macroEnabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.presentation.macroEnabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-visio.drawing.main+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-visio.stencil.main+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-visio.template.main+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.document.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.ms-word.template.macroenabled.12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.nintendo.snes.rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.chart.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.formula.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-master.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.olive-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openofficeorg.extension.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openshot-qt-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.rar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.recordare.musicxml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.snap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.mail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.stardivision.math.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.math.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.global.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.tcpdump.pcap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.visio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-vnd.xdgapp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-winhlp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-word-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-word.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.doc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.docx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-wps-office.dotx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-7z-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-7z-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-7zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-acad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-addon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-alpm-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-amiga-disk-format.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-anki.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-anki2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-apkg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-aportisdoc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-apple-diskimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-appleworks-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-arc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ardour.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-audacity-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-autocad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-backpack.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-blender.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzip-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-bzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-cd-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-cda.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-class-file.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-compress-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-csproj.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-cue.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-cuecard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-dgn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-dia-diagram.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-dia-shape.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-domingo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-egon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-executable-script.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-extension-fcstd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-extension-html.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-fictionbook+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-flash-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-flashqard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-dos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-framemaker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-libgrx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-linux-psf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-snf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-speedo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-sunos-news.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex-tfm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-ttx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-type1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-font-vfont.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gambas3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gameboy-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gamecube-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gba-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-genesis-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-glade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gnucash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gnuplot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gpx+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gpx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gramps-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-granuledeck.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gtk-builder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzdvi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-img.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ipynb+json.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-iso.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-iso9660-appimage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-java-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-jmemorizelesson.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-jokosher.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-jvlt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-k3b.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-keepass.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-keepass2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kexiproject-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kformula.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kgeographymap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kgetlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kontour.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kvtml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lhz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lmms-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lrzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lrzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ludem.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzma.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-lzpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-m4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mathematica.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mimearchive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mobi8-ebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mobipocket-ebook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mono-develop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mplayer2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-msdownload.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-msi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mswinurl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-mswrite.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-musescore+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-musescore.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-n64-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-navi-animation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-nes-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-nintendo-ds-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-nzb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-object.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ole-storage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-openteacher.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-openteachingmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-openteachingtopography.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-openteachingwords.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-oriente-voca.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-osm+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-overhoor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-overhoringsprogrammatalen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pauker.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pem-key.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pkcs7-certificates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pyspread-bz-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-pyspread-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-qet-element.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-qet-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-qtiplot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-quattropro.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-r-project.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-raw-disk-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-riff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-rosegarden-composition.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sami.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-scilab.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-shar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-shared-library-la.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sharedlib.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-siag.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sln.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sms-rom.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sony-bbeb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-sqlite3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-stuffit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-subrip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-teach2000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-teachmaster.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tex-gf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tgif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tha.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-thz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-troff-man.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-tzo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-vocabularium.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-vokabeltrainer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-webarchive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-wrts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-x509-ca-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-x509-user-cert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-xar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-xpinstall.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-xz-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-xz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-xzpdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-zerosize.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xml-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xsd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xslt+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-xspf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/ascii.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-aac.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-ac3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-m4a.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-mp3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-prs.sid.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-scpls.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-vnd.dts.hd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-vnd.dts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-aac.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-adpcm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-aiff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-flac+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-flac.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-gtp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-it.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-m4a.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-midi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-monkey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mp2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mp3-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mpegurl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-mpg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-ms-wma.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-ptb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-scpis.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-scpls.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-shorten.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-smart-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-soundfont.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-speex+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-tg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-vorbis+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-wav.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-xi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audio-x-xm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/authors.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/binary.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/contents2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/deb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/divx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/drawing-dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/encrypted-key.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/exec.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/extension.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/folder_tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font-otf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font-woff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font_bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font_truetype.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/font_type1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/fonts-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gddoc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gddraw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdform.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdlink.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdnote.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdslides.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gdtable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gedit-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-exe-thumbnailer-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-fs-regular.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-atom+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-magicpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-msword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-pdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-postscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rss+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.lotus-1-2-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-cab-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-excel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.ms-powerpoint.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.graphics.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.oasis.opendocument.text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.presentationml.slideshow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.spreadsheetml.sheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia-vbr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.rn-realmedia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.stardivision.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.calc.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.draw.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.impress.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-vnd.sun.xml.writer.template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-wordperfect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7z-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-7zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-abiword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ace.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-applix-word.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-arj.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-bzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-class-file.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compress.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-cpio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-deb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-designer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-dvi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-bdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-linux-psf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-pcf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-sunos-news.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-font-ttf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-glade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-app-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnome-theme-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gnumeric.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-gzpostscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-illustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-jar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java-archive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-killustrator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kpresenter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kspread.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-kword.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lha.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lhz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma-compressed-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzma.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-lzop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ms-dos-executable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-python-bytecode.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-scribus.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-shockwave-flash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-stuffit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tarz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-theme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-x-zoo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-application-zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-cmu-raster.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image-x-xpixmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-imagebmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-c.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-gtkrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-sh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text-x-zsh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-asf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-font-afm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-mime-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gnome-package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/gtk-file.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/html.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-blank.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-cgm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-gif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-jpeg2000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-openraster.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-png.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-svg+xml-compressed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-tiff-multipage.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-tiff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.adobe.photoshop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.microsoft.icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-vnd.zbrush.pcx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-webp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-3ds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-adobe-dng.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-canon-cr2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-canon-crw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-compressed-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-dwg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-emf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-eps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-exr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-fuji-raf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-ico.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-kodak-dcr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-kodak-kdc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-krita.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-minolta-mrw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-nikon-nef.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-olympus-orf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-panasonic-raw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-panasonic-raw2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-panasonic-rw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-panasonic-rw2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-pcx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-pentax-pef.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-portable-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-psdimage-x-psd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-sigma-x3f.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-sony-arw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-svg+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-tga.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-win-bitmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-win-bmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-wmf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-xcf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-xcursor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-xfig.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image-x-xpixmap.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/inode-symlink.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/internet-feed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/jpeg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/jpg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/kpresenter_kpr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libpeas-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-docment.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-formula.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-master-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-oasis-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-text-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/libreoffice-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/media-audio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/media-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/media-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/message-news.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/message-rfc822.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/message-x-gnu-rmail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/message.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/mime_ascii.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/misc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-fcstd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-iges.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-stl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-vnd.dwf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-vrml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-x.stl-binary.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-x3d+binary.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-x3d+vrml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-x3d+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model-x3d.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/model.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/multipart-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/odf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/office-illustration.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-database.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/openofficeorg3-oasis-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/opera-extension.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/package-gdebi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/package-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/package.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/package_editors.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/package_wordprocessing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/plan.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/playlist-automatic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/rar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/raw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/rpm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/shellscript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/sound.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/source-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/source-smart-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_addressbook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_certificate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_new-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_script.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/stock_smart-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/svg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/tar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/template-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/template_source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-css.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-csv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-enriched.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-html.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-html_alt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-htmlh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-mathml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-mht.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-r.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-rdf+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-rdf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-richtext.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-rtf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-sgml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-tab-separated-values.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-troff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.abc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.grpahviz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.qt.linguist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vnd.wap.wml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-vtt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-arduino.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-authors.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-bak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-bibtex.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-c++.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-c++hdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-c++src.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-c.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-changelog.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-chdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-cmake.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-copying.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-credits.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-crystal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-csharp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-csrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-css.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-dsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-dtd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-emacs-lisp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-erlang.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-fortran.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-generic-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svapplication-x-awk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-gettext-translation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-gettext-translation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-go.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-groovy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-gtkrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-haskell.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-haxe.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-install.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-iptables.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-ipynb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-java-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-java.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-javascript.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-katefilelist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-kotlin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-ldif.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-lilypond.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-log.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-lua.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-lyx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-makefile.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-markdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-matlab.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-meson.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-microdvd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-nfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-nim.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-objchdr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-objcsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-ocaml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-octave.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-opml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-opml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-pascal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-patch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-perl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-php.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-plain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-po.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-preview.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-python.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-python3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-qml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-r-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-r.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-readme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-rsrc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-ruby.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-rust.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-sass.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-scala.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-scheme.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-script.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-scss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-source.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-sql.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-ssa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-subviewer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-systemd-unit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-tcl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-tex.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-texinfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-vala.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-xges.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x-xslfo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-xhtml+xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-xmcd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text-xml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/text2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/tgz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/torrent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/txt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/txt2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-mms.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-mmst.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-mmsu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-pnm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-rtspt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/uri-rtspu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/vcalendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/vcard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-mlt-playlist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-mp4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-vivo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-vnd.rn-realvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-wavelet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-webm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-anim.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-flic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-flv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-generic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-google-vlc-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-javafx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-matroska.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-mng.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-asf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-ms-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-msvideo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-nsv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-ogm+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-sgi-movie.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-theora+ogg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video-x-wmv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-ova.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-ovf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox-extpack.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vdi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vhd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/virtualbox-vmdk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/vnd.oasis.opendocument.drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wordprocessing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-doc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-dot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-dps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-dpt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-et.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-ett.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-pot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-ppt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-wps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-wpt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-xls.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/wps-office-xlt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/www.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-mail-distribution-list.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-address-book.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-address-book1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-contact.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-document-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-document.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-drawing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-presentation.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet-template.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-office-spreadsheet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/x-world-x-3dmf.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/mimetypes/zip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/autokey-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/autokey-status-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/autokey-status.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/blueman-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/blueman-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/blueman-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/bluetooth-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/bluetooth-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/bluetooth-paired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/caffeine-cup-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/caffeine-cup-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/clementine-panel-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/clementine-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-insync.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-sync8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/copy-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/deluge-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/diodon-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/disper-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/enpass-status-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/enpass-status.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/everpad-mono.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/fluxgui-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-By.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-De.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-En.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-He.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-In.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-It.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-My.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-No.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-privacy-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-sound-switcher-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/indicator-stickynotes-mono.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-partial-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-share.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-synced.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-syncing-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-syncing-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-syncing-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-syncing-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/insync-syncing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/intel-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/kazam-countdown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/kazam-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/kazam-recording.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/kazam-stopped.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/nvidia-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-event.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/qtox-online.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/redshift-status-off.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/redshift-status-on.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/remmina-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/shutter-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/simplescreenrecorder-recording.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-20.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-30.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-40.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-50.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-60.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-70.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-80.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/syspeek-90.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/tomboy-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/transmission-tray-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/variety-indicator-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/variety-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/viber-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/viber-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/xfce-newmail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/xfce-nomail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/xfce4-dict.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/y-ppa-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/panel/zim-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/application-x-gnome-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/blue-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/bookmark-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/brown-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-01.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-02.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-03.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-04.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-05.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-06.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-07.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-08.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-09.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-13.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-14.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-15.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-16.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-17.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-18.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-19.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-20.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-21.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-22.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-23.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-24.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-25.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-26.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-27.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-28.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-29.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-30.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar-31.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/calendar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/custom-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/default-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/distributor-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/edittrash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/emptytrash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-drag-accept.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-images.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-remote-ftp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-remote-nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-remote-smb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-remote-ssh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-remote.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-saved-search-alt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-sound.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-visiting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_blue_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_brown_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_default_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_green_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_grey_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_orange_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_pink_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_purple_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_red_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_public.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_color_yellow_videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_images.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folder_pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folders-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folders-downloads.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folders-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folders-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/folders-videos.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-ccdesktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-desktop-config.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-dev-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-dev-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-blockdev.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-bookmark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-dav.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-dev.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-accept.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-directory-visiting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-ftp.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-loading-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-share.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-smb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-ssh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty-accept.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-fs-web.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-main-menu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-nfs-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-share.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-mime-x-directory-smb-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-stock-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gnome-stock-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/green-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/grey-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gtk-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/gtk-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/inode-directory.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/internet-radio.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/library-audiobook.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/library-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/library-places.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/library-podcast.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/mail-inbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/mail-mailbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/mail-outbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/mail-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/mail-sent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/neat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/network-workgroup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/network_fs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/network_local.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/nfs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/novell-button.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/orange-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/other-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/pink-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/purple-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/red-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/redhat-network-server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/redhat-system-group.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/samba.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/server.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/start-here.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_music-library.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_shared-by-me.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_shared-to-me.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_trash_empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/stock_trash_full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/trashcan_empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/trashcan_full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-bookmarks.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-images.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-share.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-trash-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/user-trash.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/xfce-trash_empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/xfce-trash_full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-fileopen.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-art.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-books.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-cloud.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-copy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-documents.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-dropbox.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-google-drive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-hdd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-move.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-music.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-open.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-pictures.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-projects.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-publicshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-recent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-rss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-saved-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-steam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-system.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-templates.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-ubuntu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-video.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-vm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder-wine.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-folder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-network.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-user-desktop.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/places/yellow-user-home.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/TeamViewer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ac-adapter-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/account-logged-in.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/airplane-mode.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/anatine-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/anatine-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/application-running.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/applications-chat-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/applications-email-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/appointment-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/appointment-soon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-update-cache.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-upgrade.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/aptdaemon-working.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audacious-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-input-microphone-high-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-input-microphone-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-input-microphone-low-zero-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-input-microphone-low-zero.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-output-none-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-output-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-recorder-on.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-recorder-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-recorder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-high-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-low-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-low-zero-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-low-zero.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-medium-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-muted-blocked-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-muted-blocking-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-muted-blocking.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-muted-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/audio-volume-zero-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/avatar-default.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/bad-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/bad-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-ac-adapter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-caution-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-caution-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-caution-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-caution.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-empty-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-empty-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-empty-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full-charged-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-good-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-good-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-good-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-good.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-low-charging-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-low-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-low-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-missing-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-mouse-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery-phone-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery_charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery_empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery_full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/battery_plugged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/blueberry-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/blueberry-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/blueberry.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-bad-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-bad-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-good-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-good-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-high-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-high-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-low-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/both-low-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-connecting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/btsync-gui-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/changes-allow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/changes-prevent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/channel-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/classicmenu-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-05-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-10-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-100-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-15-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-20-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-25-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-30-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-35-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-40-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-45-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-50-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-55-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-60-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-65-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-70-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-75-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-80-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-85-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-90-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clementine-95-playing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/clipman.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/connect_creating.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/connect_established.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/connect_no.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/desktop-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/desktop-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/desktop-trusted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dialog-information.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dialog-password.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dropboxstatus-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dropboxstatus-busy2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dropboxstatus-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dropboxstatus-logo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/dropboxstatus-x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/empathy-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/empathy-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/empathy-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/empathy-extended-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/empathy-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/exaile-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/exaile-play.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/feed-non-starred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/feed-starred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/firewall-applet-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/firewall-applet-panic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/firewall-applet.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/franz-attention-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/franz-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gitter-indicator-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gitter-indicator-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gitter-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-dev-wavelan-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-0-24.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-25-49.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-50-74.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-75-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-disconn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-rx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-tx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-netstatus-txrx.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gnome-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/good-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/good-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-chrome-no-notification-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-chrome-no-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-chrome-notification-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-chrome-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-chrome-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/google-music-manager-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ac-adapter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-010-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-030-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-050-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-070-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-090-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-battery-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-keyboard-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-mouse-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-phone-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-primary-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gpm-ups-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/grive-app-ind-con-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/grive-app-ind-con-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/grive-app-ind-con-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/grive-app-ind-sleep.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/grive-app-ind.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-full-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-high-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-low-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-medium-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-none-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gsm-3g-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-authentication.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-caps-lock-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-authentication-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-authentication.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-warning-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/gtk-missing-image.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/haguichi-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/haguichi-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/haguichi-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/haguichi-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/haguichi-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hangouts-available-missed.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hangouts-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hangouts-offline-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hangouts-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hangouts-working.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hexchat-fileoffer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hexchat-highlight.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hexchat-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hexchat-message.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/high-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/high-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/hipchat-attention.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ibus-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ic_dark_enpass.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ic_light_enpass.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-bad-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-bad-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-good-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-good-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-high-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-high-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-low-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/idle-low-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/im-message-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/image-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/important.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-appmenu-menu-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-cpufreq-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-cpufreq-25.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-cpufreq-50.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-cpufreq-75.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-cpufreq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Am.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ar.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Av.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Az-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Az-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Az.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Be.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bg-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bg-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bg-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bn-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bn-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bn-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bn-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Br-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Br-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Br-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Br.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Bs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-By-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-By-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-By-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-By.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ch.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Cs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Da.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-De.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Dv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Dz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ee.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-En.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Eo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Eo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Eo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Es.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Et-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Et-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Et-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Et-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Et.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fa-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fa-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fa-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fa-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ff.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Fr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ga-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ga-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ga.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Gu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ha-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ha-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ha.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-He-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-He-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-He-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-He-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-He.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hi-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hi-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hi-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hu.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Hy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ie.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ig.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ik.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-In.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Is.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-It.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ja.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ka-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ka-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ka-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ka-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ka.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ki-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ki-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ki-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ki.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Km.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kn-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kn-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Kn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ko-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ko-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ko.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ku.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lo-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lo-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Lv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Md.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ml-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ml-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ml-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ml.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Mt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-My.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ne.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Nl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Nl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Nl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Nl-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Nl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-No.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Or.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pa-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pa-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ph.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ps-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ps-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ps.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Pt.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ro.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ru.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sd.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Si-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Si-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Si.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sk-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sk-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sl-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sl-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sl-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sq.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sv.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sw-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sw-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sw.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sy-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sy-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Sy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ta.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Te-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Te-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Te.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tg-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tg-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tg.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Th-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Th-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Th-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Th.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tn.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Tr.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uk.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Ur.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uz-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uz-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uz-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uz-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Uz.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Vi.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Wo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Xs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Yo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-keyboard-Zh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-messages-new.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-netspeed-idle-l.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-netspeed-receive-l.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-netspeed-transmit-l.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-netspeed-transmit-receive-l.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-usb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-12.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-13.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-14.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-15.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-16.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-17.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-18.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-19.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-20.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-21.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-22.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-23.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-24.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-25.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-26.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-27.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-28.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-29.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-30.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-31.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-32.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-33.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-34.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-35.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-36.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/indicator-workspaces-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/input-keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/keepassx-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/keepassx-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/keyboard.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/keys.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/krb-expiring-ticket.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/krb-no-valid-ticket.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/krb-valid-ticket.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/kt-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/laptop-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/laptop-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/laptop-trusted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/low-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/low-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megalogging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megapaused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megasync-status-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megasync-status-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megasync-status-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megasync-status-syncing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megasynching.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megauptodate.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/megawarning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mesagebox_info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/messagebox_critical.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/messagebox_info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/messagebox_warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/messenger-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/messenger-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupdate-checking.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupdate-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupdate-installing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupdate-up-to-date.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupdate-updates-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/mintupload-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/museeq-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/museeq-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-3g.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-4g.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-signal-excellent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-signal-good.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-signal-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-signal-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-cellular-signal-weak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-transmit-receive.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-transmit.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-encrypted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-hotspot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-signal-excellent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-signal-good.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-signal-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-signal-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/network-wireless-signal-weak.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/new-messages-red.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/new-messages.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-adhoc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-device-wired-autoip.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-device-wired-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-device-wired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-device-wwan.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-mb-roam.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-no-connection.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-secure-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-0-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-00-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-00.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-100-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-25-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-25.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-50-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-50.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-75-secure.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-signal-75.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-3g.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-4g.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-cdma-1x.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-edge.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-evdo.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-gprs.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-hspa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-tech-umts.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-vpn-active-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-vpn-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-vpn-standalone-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nm-wwan-tower.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/no-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nomachine-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nomachine-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/non-starred-grey.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/non-starred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nylas-tray-empty.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nylas-tray-full-newitems.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/nylas-tray-full.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/object-locked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/object-unlocked.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/onboard-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/online.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/owncloud-client.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-add.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-cleanup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-delete.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-download.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-refresh.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-search.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-setup.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-tray-no-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-tray-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-update.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pamac-wait.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-connect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-email.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-pending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pidgin-tray-xa.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pin-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pin-down.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pin-up.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/polly-active.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/polly-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/printer-printing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/printer-symbolic.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/protonmail-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/protonmail-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/psensor_hot.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/psensor_normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync0-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync1-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync2-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/pushbullet-indicator-sync3-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/radiotray_connecting.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/radiotray_off.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/radiotray_on.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/rambox-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/rambox-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/rating-unrated.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-bad-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-bad-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-good-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-good-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-high-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-high-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-low-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/receiving-low-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-blueman.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-bluetooth.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-brasero.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-clipit-trayicon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-evernote.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-fluxgui.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-gnome-mplayer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-google-chrome-beta.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-google-chrome-unstable.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-google-chrome.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-hb-icon.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-hexchat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-hipchat.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-indicator-weather.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-nitroshare.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-nvidia.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-pidgin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-psensor.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-qbittorrent.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-quiterss.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-spotify-client.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-synapse.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-vlc.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-xfce4-notes-plugin.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/renamed-xnoise.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/screencloud-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/screencloud-uploading.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/security-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/security-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/security-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/semi-starred-rtl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/semi-starred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/sflphone-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/sflphone-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/sflphone-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-10.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-11.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-6.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-7.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-8.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-9.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/si-syncthing-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/simplescreenrecorder-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-away-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connected-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connecting-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connecting-1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connecting-2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-connecting-3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-disturb-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-disturb.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-hidden-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-hidden.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-invisible-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-offline-notification.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/skype-status-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/slack-indicator-highlight.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/slack-indicator-unread.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/slack-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/smartphone-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/smartphone-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/smartphone-trusted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/spotify-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/starred.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-information.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/state-sync.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/status_lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/steam_tray_mono.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock-dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_appointment-reminder-excl.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_appointment-reminder.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_check-filled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_dialog-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_dialog-info.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_dialog-question.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_dialog-warning.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_disconnect.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_person.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-higher.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-highest.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-lower.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-lowest.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_score-normal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_signature-bad.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_signature-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_signature.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume-0.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume-max.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume-med.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume-min.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume-mute.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_volume.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-cloudy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-few-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-fog.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-night-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-night-few-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-showers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-snow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-storm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stock_weather-sunny.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/stremio-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/sunny.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/synergy-panel-ok.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/synergy-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/system-devices-panel-alert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/system-devices-panel-information.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/system-devices-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tablet-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tablet-disconnected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tablet-trusted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/task-due.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/task-past-due.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator-connected.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/teamviewer-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/telegram-attention-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/telegram-mute-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/telegram-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/todo-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-dark-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-dark-enabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-dark.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-light-disabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-light-enabled.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/touchpad-indicator-light.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-bad-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-bad-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-good-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-good-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-high-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-high-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-low-signal-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/transmitting-low-signal.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-extended-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-message.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-new-im.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray-online.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray_fileoffer.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray_highlight.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/tray_message.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/trimage-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/twitch-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ubuntuone-client-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ubuntuone-client-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ubuntuone-client-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ubuntuone-client-paused.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/ubuntuone-client-updating.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/unlock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/update-high.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/update-low.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/update-medium.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/update-none.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-available-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-away-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-away.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-busy-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-busy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-idle-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-indeterminate-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-invisible-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-invisible.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-offline-panel.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-offline.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user-typing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/user.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/view-pim-tasks-pending.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/view-private.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-clear-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-clear.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-few-clouds-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-few-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-fog.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-freezing-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-hail.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-many-clouds.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-mist.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-none-available.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-overcast.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-severe-alert.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-showers.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-rain.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-scattered-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-scattered-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow-scattered.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-snow.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-storm-day.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-storm-night.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-storm.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/weather-windy.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/whatsie-tray-attention.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/whatsie-tray.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/whitebalance.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wifi-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wifi-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wifi-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wifi-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wifi-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wired.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/wiznote-indicator.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce-system-lock.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce-unknown.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce4-mixer-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce4-mixer-no-record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce4-mixer-record.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfce4-mixer-volume-muted.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ac-adapter.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-010.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-050.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-070.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-090.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-keyboard-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-030.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-mouse-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-phone-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-phone-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-phone-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-phone-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-primary-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-000-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-000.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-020-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-020.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-040-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-040.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-060-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-060.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-080-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-080.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-100-charging.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-100.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-charged.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/xfpm-ups-missing.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-busy1.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-busy2.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-busy3.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-busy4.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-busy5.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-ind-error.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-ind-idle.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/22/status/yd-ind-pause.svg
resources/graphics/Numix/index.theme
resources/graphics/banner.png
resources/graphics/misc/adblock-disabled.png
resources/graphics/misc/adblock.png
resources/graphics/misc/bazqux.png
resources/graphics/misc/feedly.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/cs.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/da.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/de.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/en.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/en_GB.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/en_US.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/es.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/fi.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/fr.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/gl.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/he.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/id.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/it.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/ja.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/lt.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/nl.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/pl.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/pt_BR.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/pt_PT.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/ru.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/sv_SE.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/uk.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/zh_CN.png
resources/graphics/misc/flags/zh_TW.png
resources/graphics/misc/freshrss.png
resources/graphics/misc/gmail.png
resources/graphics/misc/google.png
resources/graphics/misc/image-placeholder-error.png
resources/graphics/misc/image-placeholder.png
resources/graphics/misc/inoreader.png
resources/graphics/misc/miniflux.png
resources/graphics/misc/newsblur.png
resources/graphics/misc/nextcloud.png
resources/graphics/misc/reddit.png
resources/graphics/misc/reedah.png
resources/graphics/misc/theoldreader.png
resources/graphics/misc/tt-rss.png
resources/graphics/official_pictures/main-window-linux.png
resources/graphics/official_pictures/main-window-windows.png
resources/graphics/original_sizes/banner.psd
resources/graphics/original_sizes/rssguard.png
resources/graphics/original_sizes/rssguard_mono.png
resources/graphics/original_sizes/rssguard_plain.png
resources/graphics/original_sizes/rssguard_plain_mono.png
resources/graphics/rssguard.ico
resources/graphics/rssguard.png
resources/graphics/rssguard_mono.png
resources/graphics/rssguard_plain.png
resources/graphics/rssguard_plain_mono.png
resources/icons.qrc
resources/info/greader-api.pdf
resources/initial_feeds/feeds-en_US.opml
resources/macosx/Info.plist.in
resources/macosx/rssguard.icns
resources/nsis/NSIS.definitions.nsh.in
resources/nsis/NSIS.template.in
resources/rssguard.qrc
resources/rssguard.rc.in
resources/scripts/7za
resources/scripts/adblock/adblock-server.js
resources/scripts/builtin_js/observer.js
resources/scripts/clang-format/clang-format.exe
resources/scripts/filters/blacklist.js
resources/scripts/filters/no-duplicates.js
resources/scripts/filters/whitelist.js
resources/scripts/generate-public-headers.sh
resources/scripts/generate-used-icons.sh
resources/scripts/github-actions/build-linux-mac.sh
resources/scripts/github-actions/build-windows.ps1
resources/scripts/libmpv
resources/scripts/mpv/input.conf
resources/scripts/mpv/mpv.conf
resources/scripts/nsis
resources/scripts/readability/readabilize-article.js
resources/scripts/redist/msvcp100.dll
resources/scripts/redist/msvcp140.dll
resources/scripts/redist/msvcp140_1.dll
resources/scripts/redist/msvcp140_2.dll
resources/scripts/redist/msvcr100.dll
resources/scripts/redist/ucrtbase.dll
resources/scripts/redist/vcruntime140.dll
resources/scripts/redist/vcruntime140_1.dll
resources/scripts/scrapers/abc-my-comments.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/funnyjunk-embed-gifs.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/github-releases.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/hudebnibazar.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/metacritic.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/njcom.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/nvidia-driver-articles.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/old.reddit.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/piped-fix.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/product-hunt.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/scrape-full-articles.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/search-xml-feeds.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/translate-feed.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/twitter.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/wiki-inthenews.py
resources/scripts/scrapers/wiki-qotd.py
resources/scripts/web_ui/rssguard.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_adblocked.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_enclosure_every.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_enclosure_image.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_single_message.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_style_base.scss
resources/skins/nudus-base/html_wrapper.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/lite_html_enclosure_every.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/lite_html_enclosure_image.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/lite_html_single_message.html
resources/skins/nudus-base/lite_html_style_base.scss
resources/skins/nudus-dark/html_style.css
resources/skins/nudus-dark/html_style.scss
resources/skins/nudus-dark/html_wrapper.html
resources/skins/nudus-dark/lite_html_style.css
resources/skins/nudus-dark/lite_html_style.scss
resources/skins/nudus-dark/metadata.xml
resources/skins/nudus-dark/qt_style.qss
resources/skins/nudus-light/html_style.css
resources/skins/nudus-light/html_style.scss
resources/skins/nudus-light/lite_html_style.css
resources/skins/nudus-light/lite_html_style.scss
resources/skins/nudus-light/metadata.xml
resources/skins/nudus-light/qt_style.qss
resources/sounds/boing.wav
resources/sounds/doorbell.wav
resources/sounds/fanfare.wav
resources/sounds/fanfare2.wav
resources/sounds/goodresult.wav
resources/sounds/notify.wav
resources/sounds/rooster.wav
resources/sounds/sheep.wav
resources/sql.qrc
resources/sql/db_init_mysql.sql
resources/sql/db_init_sqlite.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_1_2.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_2_3.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_3_4.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_4_5.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_5_6.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_6_7.sql
resources/sql/db_update_mysql_7_8.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_1_2.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_2_3.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_3_4.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_4_5.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_5_6.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_6_7.sql
resources/sql/db_update_sqlite_7_8.sql
resources/text/CHANGELOG
resources/text/COPYING_BOOLINQ
resources/text/COPYING_GNU_GPL
resources/text/COPYING_GNU_LGPL
resources/text/COPYING_GNU_LGPL_21
resources/text/COPYING_QT
resources/text/licenses.json
src/cmake_plugins.cmake
src/librssguard-feedly/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-feedly/plugin.json
src/librssguard-feedly/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlyentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlyentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlynetwork.cpp
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlynetwork.h
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlyserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-feedly/src/feedlyserviceroot.h
src/librssguard-feedly/src/gui/feedlyaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-feedly/src/gui/feedlyaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-feedly/src/gui/feedlyaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-feedly/src/gui/formeditfeedlyaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-feedly/src/gui/formeditfeedlyaccount.h
src/librssguard-gmail/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-gmail/plugin.json
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/mimesis/mimesis.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/mimesis/mimesis.hpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/mimesis/quoted-printable.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/mimesis/quoted-printable.hpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/richtexteditor/mrichtextedit.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/richtexteditor/mrichtextedit.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/richtexteditor/mrichtextedit.ui
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/richtexteditor/mtextedit.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/3rd-party/richtexteditor/mtextedit.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailnetworkfactory.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailnetworkfactory.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gmailserviceroot.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/emailpreviewer.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/emailpreviewer.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/emailpreviewer.ui
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/emailrecipientcontrol.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/emailrecipientcontrol.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/formaddeditemail.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/formaddeditemail.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/formaddeditemail.ui
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/formeditgmailaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/formeditgmailaccount.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/gmailaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/gmailaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-gmail/src/gui/gmailaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-greader/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-greader/plugin.json
src/librssguard-greader/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderfeed.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderfeed.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/greadernetwork.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/greadernetwork.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/greaderserviceroot.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/formeditgreaderaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/formeditgreaderaccount.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/formgreaderfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/formgreaderfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-greader/src/gui/greaderfeeddetails.ui
src/librssguard-nextcloud/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-nextcloud/plugin.json
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/gui/formeditnextcloudaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/gui/formeditnextcloudaccount.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/gui/nextcloudaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/gui/nextcloudaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/gui/nextcloudaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudfeed.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudfeed.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudnetworkfactory.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudnetworkfactory.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudserviceentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudserviceentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-nextcloud/src/nextcloudserviceroot.h
src/librssguard-standard/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-standard/plugin.json
src/librssguard-standard/src/3rd-party/qcompressor/qcompressor.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/3rd-party/qcompressor/qcompressor.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formdiscoverfeeds.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formdiscoverfeeds.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formdiscoverfeeds.ui
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formeditstandardaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formeditstandardaccount.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formstandardfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formstandardfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formstandardimportexport.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formstandardimportexport.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/formstandardimportexport.ui
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/gui/standardfeeddetails.ui
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/atomparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/atomparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/feedparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/feedparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/icalparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/icalparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/jsonparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/jsonparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/rdfparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/rdfparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/rssparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/rssparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/sitemapparser.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/parsers/sitemapparser.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardcategory.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardcategory.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardfeed.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardfeed.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardfeedsimportexportmodel.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardfeedsimportexportmodel.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardserviceentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardserviceentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-standard/src/standardserviceroot.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard-ttrss/plugin.json
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/definitions.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formeditttrssaccount.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formeditttrssaccount.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formttrssfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formttrssfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formttrssnote.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formttrssnote.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/formttrssnote.ui
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/gui/ttrssfeeddetails.ui
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssfeed.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssfeed.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssnetworkfactory.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssnetworkfactory.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssnotetopublish.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssserviceentrypoint.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssserviceentrypoint.h
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard-ttrss/src/ttrssserviceroot.h
src/librssguard/3rd-party/boolinq/boolinq.h
src/librssguard/3rd-party/sc/simplecrypt.cpp
src/librssguard/3rd-party/sc/simplecrypt.h
src/librssguard/3rd-party/sqlite/sqlite3.c
src/librssguard/3rd-party/sqlite/sqlite3.h
src/librssguard/CMakeLists.txt
src/librssguard/core/articlelistnotificationmodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/articlelistnotificationmodel.h
src/librssguard/core/feeddownloader.cpp
src/librssguard/core/feeddownloader.h
src/librssguard/core/feedsmodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/feedsmodel.h
src/librssguard/core/feedsproxymodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/feedsproxymodel.h
src/librssguard/core/filterutils.cpp
src/librssguard/core/filterutils.h
src/librssguard/core/message.cpp
src/librssguard/core/message.h
src/librssguard/core/messagefilter.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagefilter.h
src/librssguard/core/messageobject.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messageobject.h
src/librssguard/core/messagesforfiltersmodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagesforfiltersmodel.h
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodel.h
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodelcache.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodelcache.h
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodelsqllayer.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagesmodelsqllayer.h
src/librssguard/core/messagesproxymodel.cpp
src/librssguard/core/messagesproxymodel.h
src/librssguard/database/databasecleaner.cpp
src/librssguard/database/databasecleaner.h
src/librssguard/database/databasedriver.cpp
src/librssguard/database/databasedriver.h
src/librssguard/database/databasefactory.cpp
src/librssguard/database/databasefactory.h
src/librssguard/database/databasequeries.cpp
src/librssguard/database/databasequeries.h
src/librssguard/database/mariadbdriver.cpp
src/librssguard/database/mariadbdriver.h
src/librssguard/database/sqlitedriver.cpp
src/librssguard/database/sqlitedriver.h
src/librssguard/definitions/definitions.h
src/librssguard/definitions/globals.cpp
src/librssguard/definitions/globals.h
src/librssguard/definitions/typedefs.h
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/dynamicshortcuts.cpp
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/dynamicshortcuts.h
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/dynamicshortcutswidget.cpp
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/dynamicshortcutswidget.h
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/shortcutcatcher.cpp
src/librssguard/dynamic-shortcuts/shortcutcatcher.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/applicationexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/applicationexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/feedfetchexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/feedfetchexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/feedrecognizedbutfailedexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/feedrecognizedbutfailedexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/filteringexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/filteringexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/ioexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/ioexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/networkexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/networkexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/processexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/processexception.h
src/librssguard/exceptions/scriptexception.cpp
src/librssguard/exceptions/scriptexception.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formabout.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formabout.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formabout.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formaddaccount.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formaddaccount.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formaddaccount.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formbackupdatabasesettings.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formbackupdatabasesettings.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formbackupdatabasesettings.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formdatabasecleanup.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formdatabasecleanup.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formdatabasecleanup.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formlog.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formlog.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formlog.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmain.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmain.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmain.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmessagefiltersmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmessagefiltersmanager.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formmessagefiltersmanager.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formrestoredatabasesettings.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formrestoredatabasesettings.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formrestoredatabasesettings.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formsettings.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formsettings.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formsettings.ui
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formupdate.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formupdate.h
src/librssguard/gui/dialogs/formupdate.ui
src/librssguard/gui/feedmessageviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/feedmessageviewer.h
src/librssguard/gui/feedsview.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/feedsview.h
src/librssguard/gui/guiutilities.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/guiutilities.h
src/librssguard/gui/itemdetails.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/itemdetails.h
src/librssguard/gui/itemdetails.ui
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/libmpv/libmpvbackend.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/libmpv/libmpvbackend.h
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/libmpv/libmpvwidget.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/libmpv/libmpvwidget.h
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/libmpv/qthelper.h
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/mediaplayer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/mediaplayer.h
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/mediaplayer.ui
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/playerbackend.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/playerbackend.h
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/qtmultimedia/qtmultimediabackend.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/mediaplayer/qtmultimedia/qtmultimediabackend.h
src/librssguard/gui/messagebox.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/messagebox.h
src/librssguard/gui/messagebrowser.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/messagebrowser.h
src/librssguard/gui/messagepreviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/messagepreviewer.h
src/librssguard/gui/messagesview.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/messagesview.h
src/librssguard/gui/messagetextbrowser.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/messagetextbrowser.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/articlelistnotification.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/articlelistnotification.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/articlelistnotification.ui
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/basetoastnotification.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/basetoastnotification.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/notificationseditor.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/notificationseditor.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/notificationseditor.ui
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/singlenotificationeditor.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/singlenotificationeditor.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/singlenotificationeditor.ui
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/toastnotification.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/toastnotification.h
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/toastnotification.ui
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/toastnotificationsmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/notifications/toastnotificationsmanager.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/articleamountcontrol.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/articleamountcontrol.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/articleamountcontrol.ui
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/baselineedit.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/baselineedit.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/basetreeview.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/basetreeview.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/colortoolbutton.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/colortoolbutton.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/comboboxwithstatus.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/comboboxwithstatus.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/edittableview.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/edittableview.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/helpspoiler.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/helpspoiler.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/jssyntaxhighlighter.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/jssyntaxhighlighter.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/labelsmenu.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/labelsmenu.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/labelwithstatus.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/labelwithstatus.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/lineeditwithstatus.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/lineeditwithstatus.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/locationlineedit.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/locationlineedit.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/messagecountspinbox.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/messagecountspinbox.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/networkproxydetails.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/networkproxydetails.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/networkproxydetails.ui
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/nonclosablemenu.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/nonclosablemenu.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/plaintoolbutton.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/plaintoolbutton.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/progressbarwithtext.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/progressbarwithtext.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/resizablestackedwidget.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/resizablestackedwidget.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/searchlineedit.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/searchlineedit.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/searchtextwidget.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/searchtextwidget.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/searchtextwidget.ui
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/squeezelabel.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/squeezelabel.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/styleditemdelegatewithoutfocus.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/styleditemdelegatewithoutfocus.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/timespinbox.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/timespinbox.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/treeviewcolumnsmenu.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/treeviewcolumnsmenu.h
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/widgetwithstatus.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/reusable/widgetwithstatus.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsbrowsermail.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsbrowsermail.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsbrowsermail.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdatabase.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdatabase.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdatabase.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdownloads.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdownloads.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsdownloads.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsfeedsmessages.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsfeedsmessages.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsfeedsmessages.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgeneral.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgeneral.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgeneral.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgui.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgui.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsgui.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingslocalization.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingslocalization.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingslocalization.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsmediaplayer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsmediaplayer.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsmediaplayer.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnodejs.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnodejs.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnodejs.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnotifications.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnotifications.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsnotifications.ui
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingspanel.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingspanel.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsshortcuts.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsshortcuts.h
src/librssguard/gui/settings/settingsshortcuts.ui
src/librssguard/gui/systemtrayicon.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/systemtrayicon.h
src/librssguard/gui/tabbar.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/tabbar.h
src/librssguard/gui/tabcontent.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/tabcontent.h
src/librssguard/gui/tabwidget.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/tabwidget.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/basetoolbar.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/basetoolbar.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/feedstoolbar.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/feedstoolbar.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/messagestoolbar.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/messagestoolbar.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/statusbar.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/statusbar.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/toolbareditor.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/toolbareditor.h
src/librssguard/gui/toolbars/toolbareditor.ui
src/librssguard/gui/webbrowser.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/webbrowser.h
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/qtextbrowser/textbrowserviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/qtextbrowser/textbrowserviewer.h
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/webengine/webengineviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/webengine/webengineviewer.h
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/webviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/gui/webviewers/webviewer.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/application.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/application.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/autosaver.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/autosaver.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/externaltool.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/externaltool.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/feedreader.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/feedreader.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/iconfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/iconfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/iofactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/iofactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/localization.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/localization.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/mutex.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/mutex.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/nodejs.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/nodejs.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/notification.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/notification.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/notificationfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/notificationfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/pluginfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/pluginfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/regexfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/regexfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/settings.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/settings.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/settingsproperties.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/singleapplication.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/singleapplication.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/skinfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/skinfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/systemfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/systemfactory.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/templates.h
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/textfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/miscellaneous/textfactory.h
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockdialog.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockdialog.h
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockdialog.ui
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockicon.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockicon.h
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockmanager.h
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockrequestinfo.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockrequestinfo.h
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockurlinterceptor.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/adblock/adblockurlinterceptor.h
src/librssguard/network-web/apiserver.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/apiserver.h
src/librssguard/network-web/basenetworkaccessmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/basenetworkaccessmanager.h
src/librssguard/network-web/cookiejar.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/cookiejar.h
src/librssguard/network-web/downloader.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/downloader.h
src/librssguard/network-web/downloaditem.ui
src/librssguard/network-web/downloadmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/downloadmanager.h
src/librssguard/network-web/downloadmanager.ui
src/librssguard/network-web/googlesuggest.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/googlesuggest.h
src/librssguard/network-web/httpresponse.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/httpresponse.h
src/librssguard/network-web/httpserver.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/httpserver.h
src/librssguard/network-web/networkfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/networkfactory.h
src/librssguard/network-web/oauth2service.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/oauth2service.h
src/librssguard/network-web/oauthhttphandler.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/oauthhttphandler.h
src/librssguard/network-web/readability.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/readability.h
src/librssguard/network-web/silentnetworkaccessmanager.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/silentnetworkaccessmanager.h
src/librssguard/network-web/webengine/networkurlinterceptor.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/webengine/networkurlinterceptor.h
src/librssguard/network-web/webengine/urlinterceptor.h
src/librssguard/network-web/webengine/webenginepage.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/webengine/webenginepage.h
src/librssguard/network-web/webfactory.cpp
src/librssguard/network-web/webfactory.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/accountcheckmodel.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/accountcheckmodel.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/cacheforserviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/cacheforserviceroot.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/category.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/category.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/feed.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/feed.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/accountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/accountdetails.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/accountdetails.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/authenticationdetails.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/authenticationdetails.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/authenticationdetails.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/custommessagepreviewer.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/custommessagepreviewer.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaccountdetails.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaccountdetails.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaccountdetails.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditlabel.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditlabel.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditlabel.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditprobe.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditprobe.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formaddeditprobe.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formcategorydetails.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formcategorydetails.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formcategorydetails.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formfeeddetails.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formfeeddetails.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/formfeeddetails.ui
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/multifeededitcheckbox.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/gui/multifeededitcheckbox.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/importantnode.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/importantnode.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/label.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/label.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/labelsnode.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/labelsnode.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/recyclebin.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/recyclebin.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/rootitem.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/rootitem.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/search.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/search.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/searchsnode.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/searchsnode.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/serviceentrypoint.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/serviceroot.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/serviceroot.h
src/librssguard/services/abstract/unreadnode.cpp
src/librssguard/services/abstract/unreadnode.h
src/rssguard/CMakeLists.txt
src/rssguard/main.cpp
