.appveyor.yml
.gitignore
.travis.yml
CMakeLists.txt
Changelog
Makefile.in
README.cmake
README.md
VERSION
aclocal.m4
appveyor_build_msys2.sh
cmake/build.bat
cmake/build.sh
cmake/build64.bat
cmake/build64.sh
configure
configure.ac
demos/basic.tcl
demos/complex_source.tcl
demos/cursors/unix-x11/copy-mask.xbm
demos/cursors/unix-x11/copy.xbm
demos/cursors/unix/dnd-copy
demos/cursors/unix/dnd-move
demos/cursors/unix/dnd-no-drop
demos/cursors/unix/no-drop
demos/cursors/unix/not-allowed
demos/cursors/unix/wait
demos/cursors/unix/x-cursor
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-1.crs
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-alternate.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-busy.ani
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-diag1.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-diag2.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-handwriting.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-help.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-horizontal.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-link.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-location.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-move.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-normal.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-person.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-precision.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-text.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-unavailable.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-vertical.cur
demos/cursors/windows/aero-pantone-2016-rose-quartz-serenity-x48-working.ani
demos/cursors/windows/readme.txt
demos/custom_cursors.tcl
demos/dndSpy.tcl
demos/overlapping_targets.tcl
demos/simple_source.tcl
demos/simple_target.tcl
demos/text_widget_demo.tcl
doc/protocols/Mac OS X/DragandDrop.pdf
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/dragdrop04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop2.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop3.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/dragdrop07.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/dragdrop08.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop4.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/dragdrop06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop5.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp.htm
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp_files/c22tut.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp_files/menu04.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp_files/menu06.gif
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp_files/new22.css
doc/protocols/OLE DND/dragdrop6.asp_files/printing.htm
doc/protocols/XDND/xdnd.html
doc/protocols/XDND/xdnd_files/line
doc/tkDND.htm
doc/tkDND.n
generic/TkDND_Cursors.c
generic/TkDND_Cursors.h
library/tkdnd.tcl
library/tkdnd_compat.tcl
library/tkdnd_generic.tcl
library/tkdnd_macosx.tcl
library/tkdnd_unix.tcl
library/tkdnd_utils.tcl
library/tkdnd_windows.tcl
license.terms
macosx/macdnd.m
pkgIndex.tcl.in
tcl-conf
tclconfig/ChangeLog
tclconfig/README.txt
tclconfig/install-sh
tclconfig/license.terms
tclconfig/tcl.m4
tests/all.tcl
tests/bug1.tcl
tests/bug30.tcl
tests/bug32.tcl
tests/bug33.tcl
tests/bug34.tcl
tests/bug40.tcl
unix/Cursors.c
unix/TkDND_XDND.c
unix/tkUnixSelect.c
win/Makefile
win/OleDND.h
win/TkDND_OleDND.cpp
