.cirrus.yml
.gitignore
.gitmodules
65c816.h
LICENSE
README.md
appveyor.yml
apu/apu.cpp
apu/apu.h
apu/bapu/dsp/SPC_DSP.cpp
apu/bapu/dsp/SPC_DSP.h
apu/bapu/dsp/blargg_common.h
apu/bapu/dsp/blargg_config.h
apu/bapu/dsp/blargg_endian.h
apu/bapu/dsp/blargg_source.h
apu/bapu/dsp/sdsp.cpp
apu/bapu/dsp/sdsp.hpp
apu/bapu/smp/algorithms.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core/oppseudo_misc.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core/oppseudo_mov.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core/oppseudo_pc.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core/oppseudo_read.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/core/oppseudo_rmw.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/debugger/debugger.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/debugger/debugger.hpp
apu/bapu/smp/debugger/disassembler.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/iplrom.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/memory.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/smp.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/smp.hpp
apu/bapu/smp/smp_state.cpp
apu/bapu/smp/timing.cpp
apu/bapu/snes/snes.hpp
apu/resampler.h
bml.cpp
bml.h
bsx.cpp
bsx.h
c4.cpp
c4.h
c4emu.cpp
cheats.cpp
cheats.h
cheats2.cpp
clip.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_alsa.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_alsa.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_cubeb.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_cubeb.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_oss.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_oss.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_portaudio.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_portaudio.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_pulse.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_pulse.hpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_sdl.cpp
common/audio/s9x_sound_driver_sdl.hpp
common/video/fractional-scale-v1.c
common/video/fractional-scale-v1.h
common/video/glx_context.cpp
common/video/glx_context.hpp
common/video/opengl_context.hpp
common/video/viewporter-client-protocol.c
common/video/viewporter-client-protocol.h
common/video/wayland-idle-inhibit-unstable-v1.c
common/video/wayland-idle-inhibit-unstable-v1.h
common/video/wayland_egl_context.cpp
common/video/wayland_egl_context.hpp
common/video/wayland_surface.cpp
common/video/wayland_surface.hpp
common/video/wgl_context.cpp
common/video/wgl_context.hpp
conffile.cpp
conffile.h
controls.cpp
controls.h
cpu.cpp
cpuaddr.h
cpuexec.cpp
cpuexec.h
cpumacro.h
cpuops.cpp
cpuops.h
crosshairs.cpp
crosshairs.h
data/cheats.bml
debug.cpp
debug.h
display.h
dma.cpp
dma.h
docs/changes.txt
docs/control-inputs.txt
docs/controls.txt
docs/porting.html
docs/portsofsnes9x.txt
docs/snapshots.txt
dsp.cpp
dsp.h
dsp1.cpp
dsp2.cpp
dsp3.cpp
dsp4.cpp
external/SPIRV-Cross
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/LICENSE
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc.h
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc.hpp
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc_enums.hpp
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc_funcs.hpp
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc_handles.hpp
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc_raii.hpp
external/VulkanMemoryAllocator-Hpp/include/vk_mem_alloc_structs.hpp
external/cubeb
external/fmt/.clang-format
external/fmt/LICENSE.rst
external/fmt/include/fmt/args.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/chrono.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/color.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/compile.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/core.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/format-inl.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/format.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/locale.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/os.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/ostream.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/printf.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/ranges.h
external/fmt/include/fmt/xchar.h
external/fmt/src/format.cc
external/glad/include/EGL/eglplatform.h
external/glad/include/KHR/khrplatform.h
external/glad/include/glad/egl.h
external/glad/include/glad/gl.h
external/glad/include/glad/glx.h
external/glad/include/glad/wgl.h
external/glad/src/egl.c
external/glad/src/gl.c
external/glad/src/glx.c
external/glad/src/wgl.c
external/glslang
external/imgui/LICENSE.txt
external/imgui/imconfig.h
external/imgui/imgui.cpp
external/imgui/imgui.h
external/imgui/imgui_demo.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_draw.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_impl_dx9.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_impl_dx9.h
external/imgui/imgui_impl_opengl3.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_impl_opengl3.h
external/imgui/imgui_impl_opengl3_loader.h
external/imgui/imgui_impl_vulkan.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_impl_vulkan.h
external/imgui/imgui_internal.h
external/imgui/imgui_tables.cpp
external/imgui/imgui_widgets.cpp
external/imgui/imstb_rectpack.h
external/imgui/imstb_textedit.h
external/imgui/imstb_truetype.h
external/imgui/snes9x_imgui.cpp
external/imgui/snes9x_imgui.h
external/imgui/snes9x_imgui_noto.h
external/stb/stb_image.h
external/stb/stb_image_implementation.cpp
external/vulkan-headers
filter/2xsai.cpp
filter/2xsai.h
filter/blit.cpp
filter/blit.h
filter/epx.cpp
filter/epx.h
filter/hq2x.cpp
filter/hq2x.h
filter/snes_ntsc-license.txt
filter/snes_ntsc.c
filter/snes_ntsc.h
filter/snes_ntsc_config.h
filter/snes_ntsc_impl.h
filter/xbrz-license.txt
filter/xbrz.cpp
filter/xbrz.h
filter/xbrz_config.h
filter/xbrz_tools.h
font.h
fscompat.cpp
fscompat.h
fxdbg.cpp
fxemu.cpp
fxemu.h
fxinst.cpp
fxinst.h
getset.h
gfx.cpp
gfx.h
globals.cpp
gtk/AUTHORS
gtk/CMakeLists.txt
gtk/data/meson.build
gtk/data/mini_icon.png
gtk/data/snes9x-gtk.desktop
gtk/data/snes9x.svg
gtk/data/snes9x_128x128.png
gtk/data/snes9x_16x16.png
gtk/data/snes9x_24x24.png
gtk/data/snes9x_256x256.png
gtk/data/snes9x_32x32.png
gtk/data/snes9x_64x64.png
gtk/po/POTFILES.in
gtk/po/README.md
gtk/po/de.po
gtk/po/es.po
gtk/po/fr_FR.po
gtk/po/ja.po
gtk/po/pl.po
gtk/po/pt_BR.po
gtk/po/ru.po
gtk/po/snes9x-gtk.pot
gtk/po/sr@latin.po
gtk/po/uk.po
gtk/po/updatepot.sh
gtk/po/zh_CN.po
gtk/scripts/makeappimage.sh
gtk/src/background_particles.cpp
gtk/src/background_particles.h
gtk/src/filter_epx_unsafe.cpp
gtk/src/filter_epx_unsafe.h
gtk/src/filter_xbrz.cpp
gtk/src/filter_xbrz.h
gtk/src/gtk_binding.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_binding.h
gtk/src/gtk_builder_window.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_builder_window.h
gtk/src/gtk_cheat.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_cheat.h
gtk/src/gtk_compat.h
gtk/src/gtk_config.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_config.h
gtk/src/gtk_control.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_control.h
gtk/src/gtk_display.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_display.h
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver.h
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_gtk.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_gtk.h
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_opengl.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_opengl.h
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_vulkan.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_vulkan.h
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_xv.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_display_driver_xv.h
gtk/src/gtk_file.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_file.h
gtk/src/gtk_icon.h
gtk/src/gtk_netplay.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_netplay.h
gtk/src/gtk_netplay_dialog.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_netplay_dialog.h
gtk/src/gtk_preferences.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_preferences.h
gtk/src/gtk_s9x.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_s9x.h
gtk/src/gtk_s9xcore.h
gtk/src/gtk_s9xwindow.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_s9xwindow.h
gtk/src/gtk_shader_parameters.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_shader_parameters.h
gtk/src/gtk_sound.cpp
gtk/src/gtk_sound.h
gtk/src/gtk_splash.cpp
gtk/src/snes9x.ui
gtk/src/sourcify.c
gtk/src/splash.png
gtk/src/threadpool.cpp
gtk/src/threadpool.h
jma/7z.h
jma/7zlzma.cpp
jma/aribitcd.h
jma/ariconst.h
jma/ariprice.h
jma/btreecd.h
jma/crc32.cpp
jma/crc32.h
jma/iiostrm.cpp
jma/iiostrm.h
jma/inbyte.cpp
jma/inbyte.h
jma/jma.cpp
jma/jma.h
jma/lencoder.h
jma/license.txt
jma/litcoder.h
jma/lzma.cpp
jma/lzma.h
jma/lzmadec.cpp
jma/lzmadec.h
jma/portable.h
jma/rcdefs.h
jma/rngcoder.h
jma/s9x-jma.cpp
jma/s9x-jma.h
jma/winout.cpp
jma/winout.h
language.h
libretro/Makefile
libretro/Makefile.common
libretro/Tupfile
libretro/control
libretro/jni/Android.mk
libretro/jni/Application.mk
libretro/libretro-common/include/compat/msvc.h
libretro/libretro-common/include/compat/msvc/stdint.h
libretro/libretro-common/include/retro_inline.h
libretro/libretro-win32.vcxproj
libretro/libretro-win32.vcxproj.filters
libretro/libretro.cpp
libretro/libretro.def
libretro/libretro.h
libretro/libretro_core_options.h
libretro/libretro_core_options_intl.h
libretro/link.T
libretro/msvc/msvc-2010.bat
libretro/msvc/msvc-2010.sln
libretro/msvc/msvc-2010/libretro.def
libretro/msvc/msvc-2010/msvc-2010.vcxproj
libretro/msvc/msvc-2010/msvc-2010.vcxproj.filters
libretro/msvc/msvc-2017.sln
libretro/msvc/msvc-2017/libretro.def
libretro/msvc/msvc-2017/msvc-2017.vcxproj
libretro/msvc/msvc-2017/msvc-2017.vcxproj.filters
loadzip.cpp
macosx/.gitignore
macosx/APPL.icns
macosx/CART.icns
macosx/HID_Utilities_External.h
macosx/Info.plist
macosx/ReClassicfication/EndianStuff.h
macosx/ReClassicfication/FakeHandles.c
macosx/ReClassicfication/FakeHandles.h
macosx/ReClassicfication/FakeResources.c
macosx/ReClassicfication/FakeResources.h
macosx/SAVE.icns
macosx/SRAM.icns
macosx/Snes9x/AppDelegate.h
macosx/Snes9x/AppDelegate.m
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/APPL-32.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/APPL.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/display.imageset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/display.imageset/display.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/display.imageset/display@2x.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/emulation.imageset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/emulation.imageset/emulation.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/emulation.imageset/emulation@2x.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/files.imageset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/files.imageset/files.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/files.imageset/files@2x.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/gamepad.imageset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/gamepad.imageset/gamepad.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/gamepad.imageset/gamepad@2x.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/sound.imageset/Contents.json
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/sound.imageset/sound.png
macosx/Snes9x/Assets.xcassets/sound.imageset/sound@2x.png
macosx/Snes9x/Base.lproj/MainMenu.xib
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatEditViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatEditViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatEditViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatFinderViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatFinderViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatFinderViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatsViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatsViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xCheatsViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xHexNumberFormatter.h
macosx/Snes9x/Cheats/S9xHexNumberFormatter.m
macosx/Snes9x/Info.plist
macosx/Snes9x/S9xApplication.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xApplication.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xOpenMultipleViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xOpenMultipleViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xOpenMultipleViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xButtonConfigTextField.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xButtonConfigTextField.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xControlsPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xControlsPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xControlsPreferencesViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xDisplayPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xDisplayPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xDisplayPreferencesViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xEmulationPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xEmulationPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xEmulationPreferencesViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xFilesPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xFilesPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xFilesPreferencesViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xGamepadPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesConstants.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesConstants.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesTabViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesTabViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesWindowController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesWindowController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xPreferencesWindowController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xSoundPreferencesViewController.h
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xSoundPreferencesViewController.m
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPreferences/S9xSoundPreferencesViewController.xib
macosx/Snes9x/S9xPrefsConstants.m
macosx/Snes9x/Snes9x.entitlements
macosx/Snes9x/Snes9xDebug.entitlements
macosx/Snes9x/main.m
macosx/docs/FAQ.rtf
macosx/docs/readme-mac.txt
macosx/en.lproj/InfoPlist.strings
macosx/en.lproj/Localizable.strings
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/Snes9x Help.helpindex
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/gfx/s9xic128.png
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/gfx/s9xic16.png
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/index.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/01.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/02.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/03.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/04.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/05.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/06.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/07.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/08.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/09.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/10.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/11.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/12.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/13.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/14.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/pgs/15.html
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/sty/style.css
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x Help/sty/top.css
macosx/en.lproj/Snes9x.xib
macosx/en.lproj/musicbox.xib
macosx/folder_Freezes.icns
macosx/folder_SRAMs.icns
macosx/freeze_defrost.aiff
macosx/icons.png
macosx/libHIDUtilities_u.a
macosx/libz_u.a
macosx/logo_defrost.png
macosx/logo_freeze.png
macosx/mac-audio.h
macosx/mac-audio.mm
macosx/mac-cart.h
macosx/mac-cart.mm
macosx/mac-cheat.h
macosx/mac-cheat.mm
macosx/mac-client.h
macosx/mac-client.mm
macosx/mac-cocoatools.h
macosx/mac-cocoatools.mm
macosx/mac-controls.h
macosx/mac-controls.mm
macosx/mac-dialog.h
macosx/mac-dialog.mm
macosx/mac-file.h
macosx/mac-file.mm
macosx/mac-global_prefix.h
macosx/mac-gworld.h
macosx/mac-gworld.mm
macosx/mac-joypad.h
macosx/mac-joypad.mm
macosx/mac-keyboard.h
macosx/mac-keyboard.mm
macosx/mac-musicbox.h
macosx/mac-musicbox.mm
macosx/mac-netplay.h
macosx/mac-netplay.mm
macosx/mac-os.h
macosx/mac-os.mm
macosx/mac-prefix.h
macosx/mac-quicktime.h
macosx/mac-quicktime.mm
macosx/mac-render.h
macosx/mac-render.mm
macosx/mac-screenshot.h
macosx/mac-screenshot.mm
macosx/mac-server.h
macosx/mac-server.mm
macosx/mac-snes9x.h
macosx/mac-snes9x.mm
macosx/mac-stringtools.h
macosx/mac-stringtools.mm
macosx/musicbox_effect.png
macosx/musicbox_indicator.png
macosx/musicbox_ledoff.icns
macosx/musicbox_ledon.icns
macosx/musicbox_pause.png
macosx/musicbox_rewind.png
macosx/shaders.metal
macosx/snes9x framework/Info.plist
macosx/snes9x framework/gamecontrollerdb.txt
macosx/snes9x framework/snes9x_framework.h
macosx/snes9x.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj
macosx/snes9x.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata
macosx/snes9x.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcshareddata/IDEWorkspaceChecks.plist
macosx/snes9x.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcuserdata/buckley.xcuserdatad/IDEFindNavigatorScopes.plist
macosx/snes9x.xcodeproj/xcshareddata/xcschemes/snes9x.xcscheme
macosx/zconf.h
macosx/zlib.h
memmap.cpp
memmap.h
messages.h
missing.h
movie.cpp
movie.h
msu1.cpp
msu1.h
netplay.cpp
netplay.h
obc1.cpp
obc1.h
pixform.h
port.h
ppu.cpp
ppu.h
qt/CMakeLists.txt
qt/scripts/cmake-qt-base.sh
qt/scripts/cmake-qt-other.sh
qt/scripts/cmake-qt-tools.sh
qt/src/BindingPanel.cpp
qt/src/BindingPanel.hpp
qt/src/CheatsDialog.cpp
qt/src/CheatsDialog.hpp
qt/src/CheatsDialog.ui
qt/src/ControllerPanel.cpp
qt/src/ControllerPanel.hpp
qt/src/ControllerPanel.ui
qt/src/DisplayPanel.cpp
qt/src/DisplayPanel.hpp
qt/src/DisplayPanel.ui
qt/src/EmuApplication.cpp
qt/src/EmuApplication.hpp
qt/src/EmuBinding.cpp
qt/src/EmuBinding.hpp
qt/src/EmuCanvas.cpp
qt/src/EmuCanvas.hpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasOpenGL.cpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasOpenGL.hpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasQt.cpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasQt.hpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasVulkan.cpp
qt/src/EmuCanvasVulkan.hpp
qt/src/EmuConfig.cpp
qt/src/EmuConfig.hpp
qt/src/EmuMainWindow.cpp
qt/src/EmuMainWindow.hpp
qt/src/EmuSettingsWindow.cpp
qt/src/EmuSettingsWindow.hpp
qt/src/EmuSettingsWindow.ui
qt/src/EmulationPanel.cpp
qt/src/EmulationPanel.hpp
qt/src/EmulationPanel.ui
qt/src/FoldersPanel.cpp
qt/src/FoldersPanel.hpp
qt/src/FoldersPanel.ui
qt/src/GeneralPanel.cpp
qt/src/GeneralPanel.hpp
qt/src/GeneralPanel.ui
qt/src/SDLInputManager.cpp
qt/src/SDLInputManager.hpp
qt/src/ShaderParametersDialog.cpp
qt/src/ShaderParametersDialog.hpp
qt/src/ShortcutsPanel.cpp
qt/src/ShortcutsPanel.hpp
qt/src/ShortcutsPanel.ui
qt/src/Snes9xController.cpp
qt/src/Snes9xController.hpp
qt/src/SoftwareScalers.cpp
qt/src/SoftwareScalers.hpp
qt/src/SoundPanel.cpp
qt/src/SoundPanel.hpp
qt/src/SoundPanel.ui
qt/src/main.cpp
qt/src/resources/blackicons/a.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/b.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/display.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/down.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/emulation.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/folders.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/joypad.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/key.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/keyboard.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/l.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/left.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/r.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/right.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/select.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/settings.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/shader.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/sound.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/start.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/up.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/x.svg
qt/src/resources/blackicons/y.svg
qt/src/resources/snes9x-qt.exe.manifest
qt/src/resources/snes9x.ico
qt/src/resources/snes9x.qrc
qt/src/resources/snes9x.svg
qt/src/resources/snes9x_win32.rc
qt/src/resources/untitled.ui
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/a.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/b.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/display.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/down.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/emulation.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/folders.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/joypad.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/key.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/keyboard.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/l.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/left.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/r.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/right.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/select.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/settings.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/shader.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/sound.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/start.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/up.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/x.svg
qt/src/resources/whiteicons/y.svg
sa1.cpp
sa1.h
sa1cpu.cpp
sar.h
screenshot.cpp
screenshot.h
sdd1.cpp
sdd1.h
sdd1emu.cpp
sdd1emu.h
server.cpp
seta.cpp
seta.h
seta010.cpp
seta011.cpp
seta018.cpp
sha256.cpp
sha256.h
shaders/glsl.cpp
shaders/glsl.h
shaders/shader_helpers.cpp
shaders/shader_helpers.h
shaders/shader_platform.h
shaders/slang.cpp
snapshot.cpp
snapshot.h
snes9x.cpp
snes9x.h
spc7110.cpp
spc7110.h
spc7110dec.cpp
spc7110dec.h
spc7110emu.cpp
spc7110emu.h
srtc.cpp
srtc.h
srtcemu.cpp
srtcemu.h
statemanager.cpp
statemanager.h
stream.cpp
stream.h
tile.cpp
tile.h
tileimpl-h2x1.cpp
tileimpl-n1x1.cpp
tileimpl-n2x1.cpp
tileimpl.h
unix/Makefile.in
unix/aclocal.m4
unix/config.guess
unix/config.sub
unix/configure
unix/configure.ac
unix/docs/readme_unix.html
unix/install-sh
unix/snes9x.conf.default
unix/unix.cpp
unix/x11.cpp
unzip/crypt.h
unzip/ioapi.c
unzip/ioapi.h
unzip/iowin32.c
unzip/iowin32.h
unzip/miniunz.c
unzip/minizip.c
unzip/mztools.c
unzip/mztools.h
unzip/unzip.c
unzip/unzip.h
unzip/zip.c
unzip/zip.h
var8x10font.h
vulkan/slang_helpers.cpp
vulkan/slang_helpers.hpp
vulkan/slang_preset.cpp
vulkan/slang_preset.hpp
vulkan/slang_preset_ini.cpp
vulkan/slang_preset_ini.hpp
vulkan/slang_preset_test.cpp
vulkan/slang_shader.cpp
vulkan/slang_shader.hpp
vulkan/std_chrono_throttle.cpp
vulkan/std_chrono_throttle.hpp
vulkan/vk_mem_alloc_implementation.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_context.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_context.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_hpp_storage.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_pipeline_image.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_pipeline_image.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_shader_chain.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_shader_chain.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_simple_output.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_simple_output.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_slang_pipeline.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_slang_pipeline.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_swapchain.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_swapchain.hpp
vulkan/vulkan_texture.cpp
vulkan/vulkan_texture.hpp
win32/AVIOutput.cpp
win32/AVIOutput.h
win32/CCGShader.cpp
win32/CCGShader.h
win32/CD3DCG.cpp
win32/CD3DCG.h
win32/CDirect3D.cpp
win32/CDirect3D.h
win32/CDirectDraw.cpp
win32/CDirectDraw.h
win32/CGLCG.cpp
win32/CGLCG.h
win32/COpenGL.cpp
win32/COpenGL.h
win32/CSaveLoadWithPreviewDlg.cpp
win32/CSaveLoadWithPreviewDlg.h
win32/CShaderParamDlg.cpp
win32/CShaderParamDlg.h
win32/CVulkan.cpp
win32/CVulkan.h
win32/CWaveOut.cpp
win32/CWaveOut.h
win32/CXAudio2.cpp
win32/CXAudio2.h
win32/DumpAtEnd.cpp
win32/IS9xDisplayOutput.h
win32/IS9xSoundOutput.h
win32/InputCustom.cpp
win32/InputCustom.h
win32/_tfwopen.cpp
win32/_tfwopen.h
win32/cgFunctions.cpp
win32/cgFunctions.h
win32/cgMini.h
win32/ddraw/ddraw_x64.lib
win32/ddraw/ddraw_x86.lib
win32/docs/faqs-windows.txt
win32/docs/how2compile.txt
win32/docs/readme-windows.txt
win32/dxerr.cpp
win32/dxerr.h
win32/gl_core_3_1.c
win32/gl_core_3_1.h
win32/glslang/OGLCompilersDLL/OGLCompiler.vcxproj
win32/glslang/OGLCompilersDLL/OGLCompiler.vcxproj.filters
win32/glslang/SPIRV/SPIRV.vcxproj
win32/glslang/SPIRV/SPIRV.vcxproj.filters
win32/glslang/SPIRV/SPVRemapper.vcxproj
win32/glslang/SPIRV/SPVRemapper.vcxproj.filters
win32/glslang/build_info.h
win32/glslang/glslang/OSDependent/Windows/OSDependent.vcxproj
win32/glslang/glslang/OSDependent/Windows/OSDependent.vcxproj.filters
win32/glslang/glslang/glslang.vcxproj
win32/glslang/glslang/glslang.vcxproj.filters
win32/glslang/hlsl/HLSL.vcxproj
win32/glslang/hlsl/HLSL.vcxproj.filters
win32/image_functions.cpp
win32/image_functions.h
win32/libpng/libpng.sln
win32/libpng/libpng.vcxproj
win32/libpng/libpng.vcxproj.filters
win32/libpng/src
win32/objfix.c
win32/render.cpp
win32/render.h
win32/rsrc/bitmap2.bmp
win32/rsrc/cdd.bmp
win32/rsrc/closedfold.bmp
win32/rsrc/hd.bmp
win32/rsrc/hiddir.bmp
win32/rsrc/icon1.ico
win32/rsrc/icon2.ico
win32/rsrc/icon3.ico
win32/rsrc/icon4.ico
win32/rsrc/nd.bmp
win32/rsrc/nodrop.cur
win32/rsrc/openfold.bmp
win32/rsrc/pad.bmp
win32/rsrc/ram.bmp
win32/rsrc/rd.bmp
win32/rsrc/resource.h
win32/rsrc/rodir.bmp
win32/rsrc/snes9x.rc
win32/rsrc/ud.bmp
win32/s9x.props
win32/snes9xw.sln
win32/snes9xw.vcxproj
win32/snes9xw.vcxproj.filters
win32/wconfig.cpp
win32/wglext.h
win32/win32.cpp
win32/win32_display.cpp
win32/win32_display.h
win32/win32_sound.cpp
win32/win32_sound.h
win32/wlanguage.h
win32/wsnes9x.cpp
win32/wsnes9x.h
win32/zlib/src
win32/zlib/zlib.sln
win32/zlib/zlib.vcxproj
win32/zlib/zlib.vcxproj.filters
