.appveyor.yml
.circleci/config.yml
.clang-format
.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md
.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md
.gitignore
.spelling/mandelbulber.dic
.travis.yml
CONTRIBUTING.md
Dockerfile
LICENSE
README.md
RESOURCES.md
azure-pipelines.yml
azure/share/ci/scripts/linux/install_boost.sh
azure/share/ci/scripts/linux/install_cmake.sh
azure/share/ci/scripts/linux/install_sonar.sh
azure/share/ci/scripts/windows/install_cmake.ps1
azure/share/ci/scripts/windows/install_python.ps1
azure/share/ci/templates/build.yml
azure/share/ci/templates/build_sonar.yml
azure/share/ci/templates/checkout.yml
azure/share/ci/templates/configure.yml
azure/share/ci/templates/test.yml
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x64-build.nuget.bat
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x64.nuspec
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x64.targets
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x86-build.nuget.bat
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x86.nuspec
contrib/bulbqt_NuGet/bulbqt-msvc-x86.targets
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x64-build.nuget.bat
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x64.nuspec
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x64.targets
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x86-build.nuget.bat
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x86.nuspec
contrib/flac_NuGet/flac-msvc-x86.targets
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x64-build.nuget.bat
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x64.nuspec
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x64.targets
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x86-build.nuget.bat
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x86.nuspec
contrib/libsndfile_NuGet/libsndfile-msvc-x86.targets
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x64-build.nuget.bat
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x64.nuspec
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x64.targets
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x86-build.nuget.bat
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x86.nuspec
contrib/opus_NuGet/opus-msvc-x86.targets
contrib/vfx_tools/LICENSE
contrib/vfx_tools/README.md
contrib/vfx_tools/houdini/scripts/python/hou_mandelbulber.py
contrib/vfx_tools/houdini/toolbar/hou_mandelbulber.shelf
contrib/vfx_tools/icon/mandelbulber.png
contrib/vfx_tools/img/hou_screenshot.jpg
contrib/vfx_tools/nuke/src/nuke/gizmos/stereo_cam.nk
contrib/vfx_tools/nuke/src/nuke/nuke_mandelbulber.py
mandelbulber2/COPYING
mandelbulber2/cmake/CMakeLists.txt
mandelbulber2/cmake/modules/FindLZO.cmake
mandelbulber2/deploy/AddingNewFormulas.odt
mandelbulber2/deploy/COPYING
mandelbulber2/deploy/NEWS
mandelbulber2/deploy/README
mandelbulber2/deploy/README-osx.txt
mandelbulber2/deploy/README-win32.txt
mandelbulber2/deploy/README.md
mandelbulber2/deploy/bulb.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/cross-compile-windows.sh
mandelbulber2/deploy/doc/Mandelbulber_Manual.pdf
mandelbulber2/deploy/formulaData.csv
mandelbulber2/deploy/linux/com.github.buddhi1980.mandelbulber2.metainfo.xml
mandelbulber2/deploy/linux/install
mandelbulber2/deploy/linux/mandelbulber2.desktop
mandelbulber2/deploy/linux/uninstall
mandelbulber2/deploy/setup-cross-compile-to-windows.sh
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/data/mandelbulber_1.21_defaults.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/data/parameterNames.txt
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/EXR example.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box DiagV1 complex primitive.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box DiagV1 pseudoKl.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box DiagV3 asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box DiagV3 complex primitive.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box Frame asa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Box Frame asa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS BoxV1 asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS BoxV1 flower.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Cylinder complex primitive.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Cylinder rocket.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Cylinder tree.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS GridV2 boxBulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Hextgrid2 sphInv.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Menger Ellipsoid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Polyhedra_hexgrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Sphere MBulb a2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Sphere MBulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Torus asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Torus polyhedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Torus twist asa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS Torus twist asa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS_AmazIfs_Cyl.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/DIFS_AmazIfs_Hex.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Jos Leys Kleinian Hybrid esc7.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Jos Leys Kleinian Hybrid inv cos.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Jos Leys Kleinian sphereInversion.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Jos Leys Kleinian v3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/KIFS_mandelbulb_trapLights.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/KochV4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/MbulbAbsPow2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/MbulbAbsPow2_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Menger 4D Mod1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/MengerV4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/MengerV5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Mix Pinski 4D hybrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/OctahedronMandalayMenger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/RiemannSphereMsltoeV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Scator Spikey Imaginary Pow2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/Sierpinski 4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/SphereInvBoxMenger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsBxFrame_T-DifsCayley2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsCayley2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsCayley2_coloredByChessboard.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsChessboard_T-DifsSphereGrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsChessboard_coloredBy FoldBox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsHelixMenger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsHelixMenger_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsHelixMenger_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsHelixV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsHelixV2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsTorusMenger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsTorusMenger_T-DifsClipCustom.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsTorusMenger_T-DifsClipCustom_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsTorusMenger_T-DifsPiriform.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T-DifsTorusMenger_menger7.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS AmazIfs torus.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Chessboard hybrid color.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Chessboard.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS GridV3 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS GridV3 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Helix 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Helix 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Helix Menger 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS SphereGrid IQ.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Spring MixPinski.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Spring PolyFld.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_DIFS Tri_Grid asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/T_PolyfoldAtan2Iter_sierp.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/TransfDIFSEllipsoid asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/TransfSphereCoordInv_bulbs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aBox 4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aBox4D_addCpixel4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox11_aboxSurfBox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod1 V2.11.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_addCpixelRotate.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_for8cA.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod11_hybrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod13Surf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod13_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod13_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod14_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod14_torus.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod15_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod15_meng3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aboxMod15cpixelInvert.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_cylinder.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_donut4dV2 naa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_donut4dV2 naa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_donut4d_aa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_donut4d_aa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_donut4d_abs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_klein.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod11_rotBox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod11_rotVary.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod11_rotVaryV1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod_kali_v2 aa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod_kali_v2 asurf mode.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod_kali_v2 polfFoldSym.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_mod_kali_v3 hexgridDIFS.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_octahedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_sphere4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/abox_tetra.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazingIFS boxFrame.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazingIFS cyl.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazingIFS hex.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazingIFS shroom.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazing_surf_mod2_PlatonicSolid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazing_surf_mod2_aaa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/amazing_surf_mod2_mandelbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf julia varylimits.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf3_mandalay.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf4_sphere_invert.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf4_worms.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_fakelights_backgroundl.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_foldingTetra.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_invert_spherical.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_julia.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_klein sph.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_klein.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_kleinV2 aa.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_kleinV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_polyfolds.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/asurf_spheroids_on_sticks.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/blockifyV2_PseudoKlien.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boolean_boxFoldBulb_quat.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/box4dBulb aab5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v2 radDEcolor.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v2_01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v2_twice.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v3 iridescene.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v3_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v3_a01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxFoldBulb_v3_benesiHybrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/boxWrap-bulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/bristorbrot v2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/collatz mod hybrid1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/fakeLights_JuliaBulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/foldbox sphereFoldParabolic ede6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/ifs_gen menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/ifs_xy.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/jos_kleinian_v4 sa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/jos_kleinian_v4 sphInv.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/jos_kleinian_v4 sphInv_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/low_res_mode_menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandalay_boxv1 meng3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandalay_boxv1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandalay_boxv2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandalay_kifs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandalay_tower.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbarV2_sphereGrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox_menger_inv 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox_rot 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulbIqPow8.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulbIqV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulbSinCosV4_addSphInv.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_SinCos_V4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_abs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_bermarte boxwrap.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_boxFoldBulb_hybrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_boxTilingV3 aa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_eye 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_kali_p8.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_plusZ.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_pow2V3 tglad.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_pupuku pow-4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_pupuku pow-4a.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_pupuku pow2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_pupuku pow6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3 hairy.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_tails.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnest.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnest4D IQbulbV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnest4D boxframe.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnestFull_boxTilingV3 aa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnestV2_boxTilingV3 bb1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnest_full.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelnest_full_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbCpixelInvert.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbPow2_v1-001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbPow2_v1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbPow2_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbRiemannV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbSinCos DifsSphGrd3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulbTailsV2_TaddSphericalInvert;.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mbulb_noC_rotateFold.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger - poly fold.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger - pyramid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger - smoothChebyshev.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger - smoothMod1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger addConstCond.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger3 absAddConstV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger3 dotFold.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mengerV6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mengerV7 aab1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/mengerV7 dab6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_ToroidalBulb_V2-001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_ToroidalBulb_V2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym3_mod4 aa.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym3_mod4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym3_mod5 aa.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym3_mod5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym3_mod6 mbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym4_mod1_sphGrd va.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe_sym4_mod1_sphGrd.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3_mbulbTails.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pk3Abx15.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/platonicSolid_menger_hybrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/poly fold atan mbulb kali.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/polyfold polyhedra hexprism.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/polyfold sierpinski gear.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo kleinian abox13.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo kleinian maxiter10.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod2_boxBulb2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod3_DIFS.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod3_prismDIFS.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod3_torusDIFS.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod3_torusTwist.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod4 invert rec.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod4 invert.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod4 invertSp.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod4 rec.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod5 inv.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinianMod_4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudoKleinian_std_DE_flat_surfaces.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo_kleinian_mod6 sphInv.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo_kleinian_mod6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sinCosMax_sierp.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sinCos_abox11.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sinCos_pseudoKl.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sinCos_xkifs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereCluster 2p55 sym.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereCluster 3p7.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereCluster clip.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV2 baa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV2 baa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV2 baa3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV3 aaa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV3 aaa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphereClusterV3 aaa3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphere_invert_menger_sponge.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sphere_invert_pseudoKleinian.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretreeV4 aaa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretreeV4 aaa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretreeV4 aaa3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretreeV5 aaa5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretreeV5 fjb1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretree_1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/spheretree_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/sym4_mod1_boxTilingV3 aa2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfAbsRecFoldXY - sierpinski.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfAddSphericalInvert menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfBoxTilingV3_mandelnest.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfBoxTilingV3_mengerPyramid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfDiagonalFold - asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfDiagonalFold - pseudoKleinian.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfMengerFoldV2 difsBox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfMengerFoldV2 difsDonut.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfRotationChebychev - torusGrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSinCos_mengOcto.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSinYm3d_menger3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSinYm3d_menger3_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSphereInvV3_abxTetra_OT.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSphereInvV3_menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transfSphericalFoldSmooth Octo Menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_Zvec_axis_swap.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_absAddConstantV2_mbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_abs_add_multi.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_addCpixelTile_bulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_cayley2_v1 Torus.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_cayley2_v1 sphereGrid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_difs_piriform.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_dotFold_boxFrame.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_mandalay_foldv1_asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_mandalay_foldv1_sphereClusterV2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_mandalay_foldv2_asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_quadratic_fold menger4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sin_add_asurf.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincosHelix.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincosHelix_juliaBulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincosHelix_menger3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincosHelix_menger3_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincos_v2 Mbox_Menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/transf_sincos_v2 Menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/vicsek_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuieV2  pow -7 julia.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuie_v3 aa1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Graeme McLaren  collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuie_v3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/IFS_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/IFS_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Bristorbrot.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Construct by Ectoplaz 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Construct by Ectoplaz 3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/FoldIntPow2 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/FoldIntPow2 3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/GeneralizedFoldBox01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/GeneralizedFoldBox02.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/GeneralizedFoldBox03_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Hybrid 1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 19 - maxiter.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 20.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 21.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 21_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 23.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 25.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 26.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 27.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 28.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 29_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 30_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 31.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 32.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 33.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS 34.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Riemann Sphere Msltoe 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/aexion01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/aexion02.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/aexion04.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/aexion05.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/benesi03.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/bristorbrot01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/clouds 006.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/clouds 007.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/constant factor 2.0  - mandelbox scale 2.0
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/constant factor 2.0  - mandelbox scale 2.0.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/equirectangular mandelbox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/equirectangular menger sponge.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/fish eye.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/folded mender sponge.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hexgrid_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid animacja - background.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid14.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid15.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid16.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid17.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid18_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid19.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid20.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid21.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid22 - foldigIntPow v 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid23.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid24.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid25.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid26.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid31.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid33.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid34.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid35.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid38.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid42.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hypercomplex 01.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hypercomplex 02.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hypercomplex 03.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/interior - mandelbulb power 8.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 002_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 006.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 007.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 008.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 009.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 010.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/iter fog 4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/jos_kleinian 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox 22.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox10.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox11 - rotations.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox14 - interior.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox15 - rotations.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox17.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox18.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox19.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox20 - rotations.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox21.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox23 rotations.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox24.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox25_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox25_3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox26 - rotations.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox27.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox28.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox29.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox30.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox32 - spiral.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox33 - spiral.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox34 - lights_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox36.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox37_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox38_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox40_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox41_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox44_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox45.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox46.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox47.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox48.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox49.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox50 - hearts.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox51.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox52_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox53.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox54_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox55.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox56.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox57.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox58.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox59.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox60.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox61.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox62.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox8 - maxiter.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb powe 6 - circle.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - iter fog 02.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - iter fog 03.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - iter fog 04.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - iter fog.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - monte carlo.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - slice 3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - slice 4.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - slice 5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 2 - slice 6.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 4 - water.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8 - 3_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8 - 4_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8 - 5 - interior.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8 - 7 - volmetric fog.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8 - 8.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb power 8.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbulb_multi_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger sponge 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger sponge 002_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger sponge 003_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger sponge 004_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/modified mandelbulb 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/modulus mandelbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/monte carlo DOF 005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoe donuts 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 006.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/orbitTraps 007.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/planet.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/primitive objects - inverted box.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/primitive objects - water.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo kleinian 009 mc dof.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/reflections 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/reflections 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/two pseudo klienian.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/volumetricLight001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/volumetricLight002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/volumetricLight003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/winter.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuie.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuie2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Krzysztof Marczak collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/xenodreambuie3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Makin3D-Julia_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Abox4D8K.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Caves-PseudoKleinianMod2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/Caves2-PseudoKleinianMod2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/IFS31_anim.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/RoadToExascale.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/box-deuce-deuce.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/coastalbrot_bear.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/coastalbrot_smilin.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/continuum.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid77-stereo.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid77.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/icoastahedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mandelbox22_anim.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-BoxFold4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-FabsAddConditional4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-FabsAddTgladFold4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-IterationWeight4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-Rotation4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-Scale4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-SphericalFold4Dtransform.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-coastn.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-fatbackstrokin.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/menger-mod1_001_8k.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/mountains_and_valleys.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/msltoeDonut-coastn.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/neuron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/pine-Bulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/sponged.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Robert Pancoast collection - license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/toastn_stonemen_anim.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/aexion blue-sky-two-suns.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid 01 - mandelbox sponge with sphere.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid 02 - rectangle hieroglyphs animation.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid 02 - rectangle hieroglyphs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/hybrid 03 - christmas ornaments.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/inverse-reciprocal-iqbulb mechanical-ribs.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/menger smooth mod 1 - iron man close up.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/Sebastian Jennen collection - license Creative Commons  (CC-BY 4.0)/pseudo kleinian std de 001 plus mandelbox.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/aboxmod1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/aboxvsicen1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/aexion001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/aexion002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/aexion_octopus_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/amazing surf mod1 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/amazing surf multi 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/amazing_surf 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/amazing_surf 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/amoxmodkali_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benchmark-GPU 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benchmark-GPU.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benchmark.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benesi 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benesi pwr2 mandelbulbs 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benesi_mag_transforms_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benesi_pine_tree_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/benesi_t1_pine_tree_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/boolean001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/boolean002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/box_fold_bulb_pow2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/bristorbrot001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/buffalo003_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/chromatic_aberration.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/clouds 006.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/diFS square grid.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/difs_tree.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/fabs_box_mod1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/flight_anim_menger sponge_3.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-PolyFoldSym-delta-gnj-016d.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-PolyFoldSym-delta-gnj-016e.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-PolyFoldSym-delta-gnj-017b.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-ScaleRot-delta-gnj-007d.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-delta-gnj-001b.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-delta-gnj-002h.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-rotfold-delta-gnj-003d.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gannjondal - newton- license Creative Commons (CC-BY 4.0)/newtonPow3-rotfold-delta-gnj-010g.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/glow.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gradients - reflectance and transparency.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/gradients - specular highlights.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hex grid 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hex grid 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid006.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid007.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hybrid008 - collatz.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/hypercomplex001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/ides1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/ides2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/iq_bulb_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/iteration fog.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/jos_kleinian 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/kaliset001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/keyframe_anim_mandelbox_boxes.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/keyframe_anim_mandelbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/light - projection.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/light types.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/lkmitch001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox22_anim.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox_menger.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox_menger_morph.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox_menger_with_textures.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbox_vary_scale_4D_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb - 256iters.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb3_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb4_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_bermarte 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_eye.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_kali 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_kali_multi 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_power_2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelbulb_vary_power_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/mandelnest pow 5.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger 4D 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger cross kifs 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger cross mod1 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger middle mod.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger octo 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger prism shape2 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger pwr2 polynomial 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger smooth 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger smooth mod1.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger sponge_with_orbit_trap_lights.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/menger-mod1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo DOF 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo DOF 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo DOF 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo DOF 004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo global illumination - cube scene.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo global illumination - emmisive materials.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo global illumination - luminosity gradient.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo global illumination by volumetric effects.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/monte carlo global illumination.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe toroidal bulb 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe toroidal multi 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe_donut_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe_julia_bulb_eiffie_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe_julia_bulb_mod2_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe_julia_bulb_mod3_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoe_sym4_mod 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoesym2_mod_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoesym2_mod_002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/msltoesym3_mod_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/octahedron with box foldig_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/orbittrap001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/orbittrap002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/orbittrap003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/orbittrap004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/orbittrap005.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/primitives001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/primitives002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/pseudo kleinian 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/pseudo kleinian 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/pseudo kleinian mod 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/pseudo kleinian std de 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/pseudo kleinian std de 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/quaternion_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/quaternion_3DE_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/quick-dudley_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/quick-dudley_mod_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/random lights.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/riemann bulb msltoe mod2 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/riemann sphere 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/riemann_sphere_msltoe_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v1_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/sierpinski 3D 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/smooth_mandelbox_001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/stereoscopic 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/stereoscopic 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/stereoscopic 003.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/stereoscopic 004.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/subsurface scattering 001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/subsurface scattering 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/texture transparency alpha.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/the grid 002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/transparency reflectance roughness textures.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/transparent001.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/transparent002.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/examples/voxel_export_with_Bristorbrot4D.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/icons/mandelbulber.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/icons/mandelbulber128.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/black stone.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/blue plastic.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/colored glass.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/copper.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/diamond.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/example of textured material.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/glass.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/gold.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/green plastic.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/metal.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/metallic black.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/metallic blue.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/metallic red.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/metallic with dark color palette.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/red glass.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/red plastic.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/water.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/white plastic.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/materials/yellow glass.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/scripts/COPYING
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/scripts/README.md
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/scripts/mbSettings.php
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/scripts/mbSettingsExamples.php
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/sounds/Musopen_-_2456_fur-elise-95ec55da-4332-40cf-a320-e002d45be2db.ogg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/sounds/Musopen_-_In_the_Hall_Of_The_Mountain_King.ogg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/background.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/background2.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/background3.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/background4.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/blurred squares low saturation.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/color_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/colour palette.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/diffusion_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/displacement_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap2.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap3.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap4.JPG
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap5.JPG
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/envmap6.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/grid.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/lightmap.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/lightmap2.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/lightmap3.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/lightmap4.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/luminosity_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/material is not defined.png
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/normal_map_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/reflectance_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/roughness_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/transparency_alpha_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/transparency_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/textures/water_caustics.jpg
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/dodecahedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/icosahedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/mandelbox scale -2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/mandelbox scale 2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/mandelbulb_power_2.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/mandelbulb_power_9.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/menger sponge.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/octahedron.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/share/mandelbulber2/toolbar/quaternion.fract
mandelbulber2/deploy/win32/mandelbulber2.ico
mandelbulber2/deploy/win64/mandelbulber2.ico
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/COPYING
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/abstract_fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/abstract_fractal.h
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/all_fractal_definitions.h
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/all_fractal_list.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/all_fractal_list.hpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/all_fractal_list_enums.hpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_donut4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_donut4d_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_klein.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod11.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod12.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod13.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod14.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod15.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod_kali.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod_kali_eiffie.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod_kali_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_mod_kali_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_smooth.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_sphere4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_surf_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_tetra.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_tetra4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_abox_vs_icen1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_aexion.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_aexion4d_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_aexion_octopus_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_ifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_klein.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_klein_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_m3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_mod3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_mod4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_amazing_surf_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_benesi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_benesi_mag_transforms.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_benesi_pine_tree.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_benesi_pwr2_mandelbulb.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_benesi_t1_pine_tree.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold4d_bulb_pow2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_bulb_menger.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_bulb_pow2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_bulb_pow2_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_bulb_pow2_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_bulb_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_box_fold_quat.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_bristorbrot.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_bristorbrot2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_bristorbrot4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_buffalo.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_coastalbrot.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_collatz.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_collatz_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_custom.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_amazing_ifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_box_diagonal_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_box_diagonal_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_box_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_cylinder.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_ellipsoid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_hextgrid2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_menger.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_msltoe_donut.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_multi_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_prism.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_sphere.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_difs_torus.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_eiffie_msltoe.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_fold_box_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_fold_cut_cube.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_generalized_fold_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_hypercomplex.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_hypercomplex_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_ides.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_ides2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_ifs_gen.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_ifs_xy.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_iq_bulb.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_jos_kleinian.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_jos_kleinian_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_jos_kleinian_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_jos_kleinian_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_kaleidoscopic_ifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_kalisets1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_knot_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_knot_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_koch.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_koch_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_koch_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_koch_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_lkmitch.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_makin3d2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandalay_box_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandalay_box_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandalay_kifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbar.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbar_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox_fast.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox_menger.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox_smooth.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox_variable.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbox_vary_scale4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_abs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_abs_power2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_atan2_power2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_bermarte.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_eye.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_iq_pow8.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_iq_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_juliabulb.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_kali.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_kali_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_kosalos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_kosalos_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_lambda.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_multi2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_plus_z.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_pow2_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_pow2_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_pow2_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_power1234.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_power2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_pupuku.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_quadrat.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_quat.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_sin_cos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_sin_cos_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_sin_cos_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_tails.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_tails_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelbulb_vary_power_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelcup.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelnest.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelnest4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelnest_full.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandelnest_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandeltorus.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mandeltorus_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger3_m3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger4d_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger4d_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_chebyshev.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_cross_kifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_cross_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_middle_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_octo.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_poly_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_prism_shape.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_prism_shape2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_pwr2_poly.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_pyramid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_smooth.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_smooth_chebyshev.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_smooth_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_sponge.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v5.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v6.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_menger_v7.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_mix_pinski4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_modulus_mandelbulb.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_modulus_menger_sponge.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_donut.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym2_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod5.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym3_mod6.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym4_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_sym4_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_toroidal.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_toroidal_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_msltoe_toroidal_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_newton_pow3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_none.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_octahedron.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod5.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_mod6.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_pseudo_kleinian_std_de.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quaternion.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quaternion3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quaternion4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quaternion_cubic4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quick_dudley.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_quick_dudley_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_bulb_msltoe_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_hobold_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_hobold_pow4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_hobold_pow8.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_msltoe.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_msltoe_m3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_msltoe_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_riemann_sphere_msltoe_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_scator_power2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_scator_power2_imaginary.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_scator_power2_real.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_scator_power2_std_r.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_scator_test.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sierpinski3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sierpinski3d_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sierpinski3d_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sierpinski3d_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sierpinski4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sphere_cluster.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sphere_cluster_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_sphere_cluster_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_spheretree.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_spheretree_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_spheretree_v4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_spheretree_v5.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_testing.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_testing4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_testing_log.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_testing_transform.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_testing_transform2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_tinker_towers.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_conditional.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_conditional2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_conditional4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_constant.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_constant4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_constant_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_multi4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_tglad_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_add_tglad_fold4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_abs_rec_fold_xy.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant_mod1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant_mod2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant_mod3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant_rot_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_constant_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_axis_swap.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_cx_cy_axis_swap.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_invert.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_rotated.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_scator.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_sin_or_cos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_sphere_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_symmetrical.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_tile.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_cpixel_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_exp2_z.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_norm.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_scale_rotate.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_add_spherical_invert.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_cube_sphere.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_mag_backward.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_mag_forward.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_sphere_cube.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t1_mod.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t4.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_benesi_t5b.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_blockify.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_blockify_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_fold4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_fold4d_tglad.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_fold_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_fold_xyz.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_offset.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_tiling4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_tiling_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_tiling_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_box_wrap4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_cayley2_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_clamp4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_de_controls.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_de_linear_cube.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_diagonal_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_amazing_ifs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_box_frame.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_box_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_box_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_cayley2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_chessboard.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_clip_custom.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_clip_plane.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_cylinder.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_cylinder_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_diamond.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_ellipsoid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_gear_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_grid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_grid_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_grid_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_heart.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_helix.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_helix_menger.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_helix_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_hexprism.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_hexprism_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_hextgrid2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_hybrid_color.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_piriform.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_polyhedra.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_polyhedra_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_prism.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_prism_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_sphere.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_sphere_grid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_sphere_grid_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_sphere_grid_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_spring.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus_grid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus_menger.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus_twist.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_torus_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_difs_tri_grid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_dot_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_folding_tetra3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_gnarl.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_hybrid_color.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_hybrid_color2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_initial4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_inv_cylindrical.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_iteration_weight.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_iteration_weight4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_lin_combine_cxyz.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_low_res_mode.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_mandalay_fold4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_mandalay_fold_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_mandalay_fold_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_menger_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_menger_fold_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_multiple_angle.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_neg_abs_add_constant.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_octo_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_offset_s_curve4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_parab_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_platonic_solid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_fold_atan.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_fold_atan2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_fold_atan2_iter.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_fold_sym_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_fold_sym_xy.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_poly_xy_fold_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_pwr2_polynomial.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_quadratic_fold4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_quaternion_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_r_power.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_reciprocal3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_reciprocal4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotate_about_vec3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_chebyshev.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_folding.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_folding_plane.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_iter_controls.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_m3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rotation_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_rpow3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_offset.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_offset_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_vary_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_vary_v212.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_scale_vary_vcl.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_add.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_and_cos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_and_cos_max.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_or_cos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_tan.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sin_y_m3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sincos.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sincos_helix.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_sincos_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_smooth.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_smooth_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_coord_invs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold4d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold4d_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_abox.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_chs.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_cuboid.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_parab.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_pnorm.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_smooth.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_vary_v1.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_vary_vcl.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_fold_xyz_bias.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_inv.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_inv_c.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_inv_pnorm.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_inv_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_inv_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_offset.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_offset_vcl.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_spherical_pwr_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_step_xy.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_supershape.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_surf_box_fold.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_surf_box_fold_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_surf_box_fold_v24d.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_surf_fold_multi.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_transf_zvector_axis_swap.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_vicsek.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_xenodreambuie.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_xenodreambuie_v2.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/fractal_xenodreambuie_v3.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/legacy_fractal_transforms.hpp
mandelbulber2/formula/definition/legacy_fractal_transforrms.cpp
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_donut4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_donut4d_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_klein.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod11.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod11.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod12.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod13.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod13.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod14.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod15.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali_eiffie.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali_v3.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_mod_kali_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_smooth.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_sphere4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_surf_box.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_surf_box.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_tetra.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_tetra4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/abox_vs_icen1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/add.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/aexion.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/aexion4d_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/aexionOctopus.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/aexion_octopus_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_ifs.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_ifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_klein.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_klein_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_m3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod3.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_mod4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/amazing_surf_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi_mag_transforms.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi_pine_tree.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi_pwr2_mandelbulb.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi_t1_pine_tree.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/benesi_transforms.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold4d_bulb_pow2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_menger.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_menger.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_pow2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v3.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_bulb_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_quat.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/box_fold_quat.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/bristorbrot.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/bristorbrot2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/bristorbrot4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/buffalo.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/coastalbrot.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/coastalbrot.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/collatz.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/collatz_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/cross_menger_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/custom.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_amazing_ifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_box_diagonal_v1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_box_diagonal_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_box_diagonal_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_box_v1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_box_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_cylinder.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_cylinder.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_ellipsoid.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_ellipsoid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_hextgrid2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_menger.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_msltoe_donut.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_multi_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_prism.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_sphere.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_sphere.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_torus.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/difs_torus.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/eiffie_msltoe.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/fabsBoxMod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/fold_box_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/fold_cut_cube.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/generalized_fold_box.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/hypercomplex.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/hypercomplex_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/ides.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/ides2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/ifs_gen.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/ifs_xy.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/ifs_xy.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/imaginary_scator_power2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/iq_bulb.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian_v4.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/jos_kleinian_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/kaleidoscopic_ifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/kalisets1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/knot_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/knot_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/koch.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/koch_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/koch_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/koch_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/lkmitch.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/makin3d2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandalay_box_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandalay_box_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandalay_kifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbar.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbar_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_fast.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_menger.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_smooth.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_smooth.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_variable.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_variable.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbox_vary_scale4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb5.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb6_beta.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_abs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_abs_power2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_abs_power2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_atan2_power2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_atan2_power2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_bermarte.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_eye.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_eye.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_iq_pow8.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_iq_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_juliabulb.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_juliabulb.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kali.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kali_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kosalos.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kosalos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kosalos_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_kosalos_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_lambda.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_lambda.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_multi2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_multi2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_plus_z.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_pow2_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_pow2_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_pow2_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_pow2_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_power1234.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_power1234.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_power2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_pupuku.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_quadrat.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_quat.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_quat.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_sin_cos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_tails.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_tails_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelbulb_vary_power_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelcup.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelnest.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelnest4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelnest_full.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandelnest_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandeltorus.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandeltorus.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mandeltorus_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger3_m3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger4d_mod1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger4d_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger4d_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mengerMod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_chebyshev.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_cross_kifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_cross_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_middle_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_octo.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_octo.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_poly_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_poly_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_prism_shape.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_prism_shape2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_prism_shape2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_pwr2_poly.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_pyramid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_smooth.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_smooth.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_smooth_chebyshev.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_smooth_mod1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_smooth_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_sponge.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_sponge105.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v5.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v6.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/menger_v7.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mix_pinski4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/mix_pinski4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/modulus_mandelbulb.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/modulus_mandelbulb.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/modulus_menger_sponge.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/modulus_menger_sponge.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_donut.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym2_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod5.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym3_mod6.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym4_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_sym4_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_toroidal.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_toroidal_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoe_toroidal_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoesym2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoesym3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/msltoesym4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/newton_pow3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/octahedron.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod5.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_mod6.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/pseudo_kleinian_std_de.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quaternion.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quaternion3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quaternion4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quaternion_cubic4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quaternion_cubic4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quick_dudley.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/quick_dudley_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_bulb_msltoe_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_multi.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow4.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow8.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow8.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_msltoe.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_msltoe_m3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_imaginary.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_imaginary.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_real.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_real.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_std_r.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_power2_std_r.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/scator_test.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski3d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski3d_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski3d_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski3d_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sierpinski4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sphere_cluster.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sphere_cluster_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/sphere_cluster_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/spheretree.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/spheretree_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/spheretree_v4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/spheretree_v5.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/testing.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/testing4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/testing_log.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/testing_transform.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/testing_transform2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/tinker_towers.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_conditional4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_constant.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_constant4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_constant_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_multi4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_multi4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_abs_rec_fold_xy.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_Cpixel_pos_neg.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_mod1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_mod1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_mod2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_mod2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_mod3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_rot_v1.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_rot_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_constant_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_axis_swap.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_cx_cy_axis_swap.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_invert.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_rotated.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_rotated.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_scator.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_scator.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_sin_or_cos.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_sin_or_cos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_sphere_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_sphere_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_symmetrical.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_tile.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_cpixel_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_exp2_z.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_exp2_z.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_norm.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_scale_rotate.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_add_spherical_invert.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_cube_sphere.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_mag_backward.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_mag_forward.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_sphere_cube.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t1_mod.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t4.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_benesi_t5b.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_blockify.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_blockify.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_blockify_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_fold4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_fold4d_tglad.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_fold_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_fold_xyz.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_offset.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_tiling4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_tiling4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_tiling_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_tiling_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_wrap4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_box_wrap4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_cayley2_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_clamp4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_clamp4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_darkbeam_fold_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_de_controls.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_de_linear_cube.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_diagonal_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_diagonal_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_amazing_ifs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_box.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_box_frame.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_box_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_box_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_cayley2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_chessboard.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_clip_custom.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_clip_plane.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_clip_plane.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_cylinder.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_cylinder_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_diamond.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_ellipsoid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_gear_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_grid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_grid_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_grid_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_heart.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_helix.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_helix_menger.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_helix_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_hexprism.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_hexprism_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_hextgrid2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_hybrid_color.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_piriform.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_polyhedra.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_polyhedra_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_prism.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_prism_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_sphere.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_sphere_grid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_spring.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus_grid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus_menger.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus_twist.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_torus_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_difs_tri_grid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_dot_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_folding_tetra3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_gnarl.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_gnarl.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_hybrid_color.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_hybrid_color2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_hybrid_color2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_initial4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_inv_cylindrical.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_iteration_weight.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_iteration_weight4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_lin_combine_cxyz.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_low_res_mode.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_mandalay_fold4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_mandalay_fold_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_mandalay_fold_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_menger_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_menger_fold_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_multiple_angle.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_neg_abs_add_constant.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_octo_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_octo_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_offset_s_curve4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_parab_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_parab_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_platonic_solid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_atan.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_atan.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_atan2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_atan2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_atan2_iter.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_sym_multi.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_sym_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_sym_xy.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_fold_sym_xy.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_poly_xy_fold_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_pwr2_polynomial.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_quadratic_fold4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_quaternion_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_r_power.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_reciprocal3.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_reciprocal3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_reciprocal4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_reciprocal4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotate_about_vec3.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotate_about_vec3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation4d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_chebyshev.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_folding.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_folding.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_folding_plane.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_iter_controls.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_iter_controls.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_m3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rotation_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_rpow3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_offset.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_offset_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_abox.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_abox.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_abox_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_v212.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_vcl.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_scale_vary_vcl.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_add.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_and_cos.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_and_cos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_and_cos_max.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_and_cos_max.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_or_cos.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_or_cos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_tan.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sin_y_m3d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sincos.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sincos_helix.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_sincos_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_smooth.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_smooth_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_coord_invs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold4d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold4d_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_abox.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_chs.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_chs.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_cuboid.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_cuboid.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_parab.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_parab.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_pnorm.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_smooth.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_vary_v1.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_vary_vcl.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_vary_vcl.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_xyz_bias.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_fold_xyz_bias.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_inv.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_inv_c.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_inv_pnorm.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_inv_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_inv_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_offset.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_offset_vcl.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_offset_vcl.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_spherical_pwr_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_step_xy.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_supershape.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_supershape.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold_v2.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold_v24d.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_box_fold_v24d.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_surf_fold_multi.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/transf_zvector_axis_swap.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/vicsek.fract
mandelbulber2/formula/img/vicsek.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/xenodreambuie.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/xenodreambuie_v2.png
mandelbulber2/formula/img/xenodreambuie_v3.png
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/COPYING
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_donut4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_donut4d_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_klein.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod11.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod12.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod13.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod14.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod15.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod_kali.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod_kali_eiffie.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod_kali_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_mod_kali_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_smooth.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_sphere4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_surf_box.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_tetra.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_tetra4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/abox_vs_icen1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/aexion.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/aexion4d_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/aexion_octopus_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_ifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_klein.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_klein_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_m3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_mod3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_mod4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/amazing_surf_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/benesi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/benesi_mag_transforms.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/benesi_pine_tree.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/benesi_pwr2_mandelbulb.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/benesi_t1_pine_tree.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold4d_bulb_pow2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_bulb_menger.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_bulb_pow2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_bulb_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/box_fold_quat.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/bristorbrot.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/bristorbrot2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/bristorbrot4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/buffalo.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/coastalbrot.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/collatz.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/collatz_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_amazing_ifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_box_diagonal_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_box_diagonal_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_box_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_cylinder.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_ellipsoid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_hextgrid2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_menger.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_msltoe_donut.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_multi_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_prism.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_sphere.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/difs_torus.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/eiffie_msltoe.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/fold_box_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/fold_cut_cube.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/generalized_fold_box.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/hypercomplex.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/hypercomplex_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/ides.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/ides2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/ifs_gen.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/ifs_xy.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/imaginary_scator_power2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/iq_bulb.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/jos_kleinian.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/jos_kleinian_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/jos_kleinian_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/jos_kleinian_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/kaleidoscopic_ifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/kalisets1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/knot_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/knot_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/koch.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/koch_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/koch_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/koch_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/lkmitch.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/makin3d2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandalay_box_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandalay_box_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandalay_kifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbar.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbar_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox_fast.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox_menger.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox_smooth.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox_variable.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbox_vary_scale4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_abs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_abs_power2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_atan2_power2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_bermarte.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_eye.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_iq_pow8.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_iq_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_juliabulb.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_kali.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_kali_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_kosalos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_kosalos_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_lambda.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_multi2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_plus_z.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_pow2_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_pow2_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_pow2_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_power1234.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_power2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_pupuku.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_quadrat.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_quat.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_sin_cos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_tails.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_tails_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelbulb_vary_power_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelcup.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelnest.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelnest4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelnest_full.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandelnest_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandeltorus.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mandeltorus_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger3_m3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger4d_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger4d_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_chebyshev.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_cross_kifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_cross_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_middle_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_octo.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_poly_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_prism_shape.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_prism_shape2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_pwr2_poly.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_pyramid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_smooth.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_smooth_chebyshev.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_smooth_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_sponge.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v5.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v6.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/menger_v7.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/mix_pinski4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/modulus_mandelbulb.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/modulus_menger_sponge.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_donut.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym2_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod5.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym3_mod6.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym4_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_sym4_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_toroidal.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_toroidal_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/msltoe_toroidal_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/newton_pow3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/octahedron.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod5.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_mod6.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/pseudo_kleinian_std_de.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quaternion.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quaternion3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quaternion4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quaternion_cubic4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quick_dudley.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/quick_dudley_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_bulb_msltoe_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_hobold_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow8.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_msltoe.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_msltoe_m3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/scator_power2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/scator_power2_imaginary.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/scator_power2_real.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/scator_power2_std_r.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/scator_test.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sierpinski3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sierpinski3d_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sierpinski3d_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sierpinski3d_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sierpinski4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sphere_cluster.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sphere_cluster_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/sphere_cluster_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/spheretree.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/spheretree_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/spheretree_v4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/spheretree_v5.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/testing.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/testing4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/testing_log.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/testing_transform.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/testing_transform2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/tinker_towers.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_conditional.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_conditional2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_conditional4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_constant.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_constant4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_constant_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_multi4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_abs_rec_fold_xy.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant_mod1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant_mod2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant_mod3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant_rot_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_constant_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_axis_swap.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_cx_cy_axis_swap.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_invert.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_rotated.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_scator.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_sin_or_cos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_sphere_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_symmetrical.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_tile.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_cpixel_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_exp2_z.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_norm.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_scale_rotate.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_add_spherical_invert.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_cube_sphere.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_mag_backward.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_mag_forward.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_sphere_cube.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t1_mod.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t4.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_benesi_t5b.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_blockify.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_blockify_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_fold4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_fold4d_tglad.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_fold_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_fold_xyz.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_offset.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_tiling4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_tiling_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_tiling_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_box_wrap4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_cayley2_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_clamp4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_de_controls.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_de_linear_cube.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_diagonal_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_amazing_ifs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_aux_color.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_box.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_box_frame.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_box_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_box_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_cayley2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_chessboard.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_clip_custom.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_clip_plane.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_cylinder.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_cylinder_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_diamond.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_ellipsoid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_gear_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_grid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_grid_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_grid_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_heart.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_helix.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_helix_menger.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_helix_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_hexprism.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_hexprism_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_hextgrid2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_hybrid_color.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_piriform.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_polyhedra.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_polyhedra_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_prism.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_prism_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_sphere.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_sphere_grid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_spring.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus_grid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus_menger.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus_twist.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_torus_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_difs_tri_grid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_dot_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_folding_tetra3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_gnarl.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_hybrid_color.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_hybrid_color2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_initial4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_inv_cylindrical.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_iteration_weight.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_iteration_weight4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_lin_combine_cxyz.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_low_res_mode.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_mandalay_fold4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_mandalay_fold_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_mandalay_fold_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_menger_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_menger_fold_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_multiple_angle.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_neg_abs_add_constant.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_octo_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_offset_s_curve4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_parab_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_platonic_solid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_atan.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_atan2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_atan2_iter.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_sym.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_sym_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_fold_sym_xy.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_poly_xy_fold_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_pwr2_polynomial.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_quadratic_fold4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_quaternion_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_r_power.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_reciprocal3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_reciprocal4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotate_about_vec3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_chebyshev.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_folding.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_folding_plane.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_iter_controls.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_m3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rotation_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_rpow3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_offset.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_offset_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_vary_abox_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_vary_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_vary_v212.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_scale_vary_vcl.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_add.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_and_cos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_and_cos_max.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_or_cos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_tan.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sin_y_m3d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sincos.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sincos_helix.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_sincos_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_smooth.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_smooth_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_coord_invs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold4d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold4d_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_abox.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_chs.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_cuboid.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_parab.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_pnorm.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_smooth.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_vary_v1.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_vary_vcl.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_fold_xyz_bias.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_inv.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_inv_c.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_inv_pnorm.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_inv_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_inv_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_offset.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_offset_vcl.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_spherical_pwr_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_step_xy.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_supershape.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_surf_box_fold.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_surf_box_fold_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_surf_box_fold_v24d.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_surf_fold_multi.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/transf_zvector_axis_swap.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/vicsek.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/xenodreambuie.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/xenodreambuie_v2.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/opencl/xenodreambuie_v3.cl
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_donut4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_donut4d_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_klein.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod11.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod12.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod13.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod14.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod15.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod_kali.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod_kali_eiffie.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod_kali_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_mod_kali_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_smooth.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_sphere4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_surf_box.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_tetra.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_tetra4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/abox_vs_icen1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/aexion.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/aexion4d_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/aexion_octopus_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_ifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_klein.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_klein_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_m3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_mod3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_mod4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/amazing_surf_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/benesi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/benesi_mag_transforms.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/benesi_pine_tree.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/benesi_pwr2_mandelbulb.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/benesi_t1_pine_tree.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold4d_bulb_pow2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_bulb_menger.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_bulb_pow2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_bulb_pow2_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_bulb_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/box_fold_quat.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/bristorbrot.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/bristorbrot2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/bristorbrot4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/buffalo.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/coastalbrot.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/collatz.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/collatz_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_amazing_ifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_box_diagonal_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_box_diagonal_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_box_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_cylinder.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_ellipsoid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_hextgrid2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_menger.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_msltoe_donut.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_multi_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_prism.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_sphere.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/difs_torus.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/eiffie_msltoe.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/fold_box_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/fold_cut_cube.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/generalized_fold_box.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/hypercomplex.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/hypercomplex_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/ides.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/ides2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/ifs_gen.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/ifs_xy.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/iq_bulb.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/jos_kleinian.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/jos_kleinian_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/jos_kleinian_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/jos_kleinian_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/kaleidoscopic_ifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/kalisets1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/knot_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/knot_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/koch.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/koch_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/koch_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/koch_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/lkmitch.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/makin3d2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandalay_box_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandalay_box_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandalay_kifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbar.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbar_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox_fast.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox_menger.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox_smooth.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox_variable.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbox_vary_scale4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_abs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_abs_power2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_atan2_power2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_bermarte.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_eye.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_iq_pow8.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_iq_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_juliabulb.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_kali.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_kali_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_kosalos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_kosalos_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_lambda.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_multi2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_plus_z.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_pow2_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_pow2_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_pow2_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_power1234.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_power2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_pupuku.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_quadrat.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_quat.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_sin_cos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_sin_cos_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_tails.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_tails_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelbulb_vary_power_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelcup.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelnest.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelnest4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelnest_full.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandelnest_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandeltorus.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mandeltorus_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger3_m3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger4d_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger4d_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_chebyshev.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_cross_kifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_cross_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_middle_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_octo.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_poly_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_prism_shape.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_prism_shape2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_pwr2_poly.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_pyramid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_smooth.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_smooth_chebyshev.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_smooth_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_sponge.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v5.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v6.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/menger_v7.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/mix_pinski4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/modulus_mandelbulb.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/modulus_menger_sponge.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_donut.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym2_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod5.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym3_mod6.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym4_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_sym4_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_toroidal.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_toroidal_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/msltoe_toroidal_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/newton_pow3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/octahedron.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_box.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_circle.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_cone.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_cylinder.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_plane.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_prism.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_rectangle.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_sphere.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_torus.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/primitive_water.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod5.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_mod6.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/pseudo_kleinian_std_de.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quaternion.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quaternion3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quaternion4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quaternion_cubic4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quick_dudley.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/quick_dudley_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_bulb_msltoe_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_hobold_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_hobold_pow8.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_msltoe.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_msltoe_m3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/riemann_sphere_msltoe_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/scator_power2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/scator_power2_imaginary.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/scator_power2_real.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/scator_power2_std_r.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/scator_test.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sierpinski3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sierpinski3d_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sierpinski3d_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sierpinski3d_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sierpinski4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sphere_cluster.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sphere_cluster_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/sphere_cluster_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/spheretree.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/spheretree_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/spheretree_v4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/spheretree_v5.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/testing.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/testing4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/testing_log.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/testing_transform.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/testing_transform2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/tinker_towers.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_conditional.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_conditional2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_conditional4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_constant.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_constant4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_constant_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_multi4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_add_tglad_fold4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_rec_foldXY.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_abs_rec_fold_xy.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant_mod1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant_mod2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant_mod3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant_rot_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_constant_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_axis_swap.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_cx_cy_axis_swap.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_invert.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_rotated.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_scator.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_sin_or_cos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_sphere_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_symmetrical.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_tile.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_cpixel_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_exp2_z.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_norm.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_scale_rotate.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_add_spherical_invert.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_cube_sphere.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_mag_backward.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_mag_forward.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_sphere_cube.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t1_mod.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t4.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_benesi_t5b.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_blockify.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_blockify_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_fold4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_fold4d_tglad.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_fold_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_fold_xyz.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_offset.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_tiling4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_tiling_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_tiling_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_box_wrap4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_cayley2_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_clamp4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_de_controls.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_de_linear_cube.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_diagonal_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_amazing_ifs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_box.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_box_frame.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_box_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_box_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_cayley2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_chessboard.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_clip_custom.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_clip_plane.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_cylinder.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_cylinder_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_diamond.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_ellipsoid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_gear_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_grid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_grid_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_grid_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_heart.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_helix.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_helix_menger.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_helix_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_hexprism.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_hexprism_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_hextgrid2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_hybrid_color.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_piriform.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_polyhedra.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_polyhedra_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_prism.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_prism_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_sphere.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_sphere_grid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_sphere_grid_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_spring.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus_grid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus_menger.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus_twist.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_torus_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_difs_tri_grid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_dot_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_folding_tetra3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_gnarl.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_hybrid_color.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_hybrid_color2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_initial4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_inv_cylindrical.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_iteration_weight.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_iteration_weight4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_lin_combine_cxyz.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_low_res_mode.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_mandalay_fold4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_mandalay_fold_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_mandalay_fold_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_menger_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_menger_fold_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_multiple_angle.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_neg_abs_add_constant.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_octo_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_offset_s_curve4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_parab_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_platonic_solid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_fold_atan.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_fold_atan2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_fold_atan2_iter.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_fold_sym_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_fold_sym_xy.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_poly_xy_fold_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_pwr2_polynomial.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_quadratic_fold4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_quaternion_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_r_power.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_reciprocal3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_reciprocal4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotate_about_vec3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_chebyshev.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_folding.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_folding_plane.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_iter_controls.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_m3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rotation_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_rpow3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_offset.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_offset_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_vary_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_vary_v212.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_scale_vary_vcl.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_add.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_and_cos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_and_cos_max.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_or_cos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_tan.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sin_y_m3d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sincos.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sincos_helix.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_sincos_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_smooth.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_smooth_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_coord_invs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold4d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold4d_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_abox.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_chs.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_cuboid.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_parab.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_pnorm.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_smooth.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_vary_v1.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_vary_vcl.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_fold_xyz_bias.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_inv.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_inv_c.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_inv_pnorm.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_inv_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_inv_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_offset.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_offset_vcl.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_spherical_pwr_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_step_xy.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_supershape.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_surf_box_fold.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_surf_box_fold_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_surf_box_fold_v24d.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_surf_fold_multi.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/transf_zvector_axis_swap.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/vicsek.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/xenodreambuie.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/xenodreambuie_v2.ui
mandelbulber2/formula/ui/xenodreambuie_v3.ui
mandelbulber2/language/de.qm
mandelbulber2/language/de.ts
mandelbulber2/language/en.qm
mandelbulber2/language/en.ts
mandelbulber2/language/es.qm
mandelbulber2/language/es.ts
mandelbulber2/language/formula_de.qm
mandelbulber2/language/formula_de.ts
mandelbulber2/language/formula_en.qm
mandelbulber2/language/formula_en.ts
mandelbulber2/language/formula_it.qm
mandelbulber2/language/formula_it.ts
mandelbulber2/language/formula_nl.qm
mandelbulber2/language/formula_nl.ts
mandelbulber2/language/formula_pl.qm
mandelbulber2/language/formula_pl.ts
mandelbulber2/language/it.qm
mandelbulber2/language/it.ts
mandelbulber2/language/nl.qm
mandelbulber2/language/nl.ts
mandelbulber2/language/pl.qm
mandelbulber2/language/pl.ts
mandelbulber2/mac/build_deploy.sh
mandelbulber2/mac/mandelbulber2.icns
mandelbulber2/make-package.sh
mandelbulber2/msvc/.gitignore
mandelbulber2/msvc/NuGet.config
mandelbulber2/msvc/Setup.iss
mandelbulber2/msvc/mandelbulber2.rc
mandelbulber2/msvc/mandelbulber2.sln
mandelbulber2/msvc/mandelbulber2.vcxproj
mandelbulber2/msvc/mandelbulber2.vcxproj.DotSettings
mandelbulber2/msvc/mandelbulber2_autogen.vcxproj
mandelbulber2/msvc/packages.config
mandelbulber2/msvc/resource.h
mandelbulber2/msvc/setup_inno.bmp
mandelbulber2/msvc/setup_inno_small.bmp
mandelbulber2/opencl/COPYING
mandelbulber2/opencl/chromatic_aberration_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/cl_kernel_include_headers.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/common_params_cl.hpp
mandelbulber2/opencl/defines_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/dof_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/basic_foldings.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/bicubic_interpolation.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/calculate_distance.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/chromatic_aberration.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/compute_fractal.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/displacement_map.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/distance_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/dof_phase1.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/dof_phase2.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/fast_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/fractal_coloring.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/full_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/hdr_blur.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/limited_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/monte_carlo_dof.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/normal_vector.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/orbit_trap_shape.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/perlin_noise.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/primitives.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/projection_3d.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/ray_recursion.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_ambient_occlusion.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_aux_lights_shader.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_aux_shadow.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_background.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_clouds_opacity.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_distance_fog_opacity.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_env_mapping.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_fake_lights.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_fast_ambient_occlusion.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_fresnel.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_global_illumination.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_hsv2rgb.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_iridescence.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_iter_opacity.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_light_shading.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_normal_map_texture.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_object.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_roughness_texture.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_specular_highlight.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_specular_highlight_combined.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_surface_color.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_texture.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_texture_pixel_address.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/shader_volumetric.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/slicer_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/ssao.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/stereo.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/test_engine.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/engines/texture_mapping.cl
mandelbulber2/opencl/fractal_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/fractal_coloring_cl.hpp
mandelbulber2/opencl/fractal_sequence_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/fractparams_cl.hpp
mandelbulber2/opencl/hdr_blur_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/image_adjustments_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/input_data_structures.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/light_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/material_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/mesh_export_data_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/object_data_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/object_type_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/opencl_algebra.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/opencl_typedefs.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/primitives_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/render_data_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/shader_input_data_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/ssao_cl.h
mandelbulber2/opencl/texture_enums_cl.h
mandelbulber2/qmake/common.pri
mandelbulber2/qmake/debug-opencl.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/debug.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/installer.pri
mandelbulber2/qmake/macos.pri
mandelbulber2/qmake/mandelbulber-opencl-m1.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/mandelbulber-opencl-mac.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/mandelbulber-opencl-no-installer.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/mandelbulber-opencl.pro
mandelbulber2/qmake/mandelbulber.pro
mandelbulber2/qt/README.md
mandelbulber2/qt/anim_audio_view.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/anim_audio_view.h
mandelbulber2/qt/audio_selector.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/audio_selector.h
mandelbulber2/qt/audio_selector.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_load_settings_from_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_load_settings_from_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_random_settings_from_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_random_settings_from_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_reset_settings_from_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_reset_settings_from_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_save_settings_from_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/buton_save_settings_from_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/common_my_widget_wrapper.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/common_my_widget_wrapper.h
mandelbulber2/qt/custom_formula_editor.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/custom_formula_editor.h
mandelbulber2/qt/custom_formula_editor.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/detached_window.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/detached_window.h
mandelbulber2/qt/detached_window.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_animation.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_animation.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_animation.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_effects.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_effects.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_effects.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_fractal.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_fractal.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_gamepad.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_gamepad.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_gamepad.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_image_adjustments.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_image_adjustments.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_image_adjustments.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_measurements.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_measurements.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_measurements.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_navigation.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_navigation.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_navigation.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_queue.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_queue.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_queue.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_rendering_engine.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_rendering_engine.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_rendering_engine.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_statistics.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_statistics.h
mandelbulber2/qt/dock_statistics.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/fft_view.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/fft_view.h
mandelbulber2/qt/file_select_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/file_select_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/fonts/README
mandelbulber2/qt/fonts/nasalization-rg.ttf
mandelbulber2/qt/fonts/nasalization.zip
mandelbulber2/qt/formula_combo_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/formula_combo_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/frame_slider_popup.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/frame_slider_popup.h
mandelbulber2/qt/gradient_edit_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/gradient_edit_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/highlighter.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/highlighter.h
mandelbulber2/qt/icons.qrc
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/applications-graphics.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/arrow-down-double.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/arrow-up-double.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/audio-x-generic.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/auto.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/box.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/circle.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/cone.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/cross.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/cylinder.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/dialog-information.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/dialog-ok-apply.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/dice_colors.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/dice_colors_and_pos.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/document-open.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/document-save-as.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/document-save.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/edit-delete.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/edit-redo.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/edit-undo.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/folder.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/go-down.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/go-next.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/go-previous.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/go-up.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gpu.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gradient-brighter.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gradient-darker.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gradient-high-saturation.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gradient-invert.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/gradient-low-saturation.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/help-contents.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/image-x-generic.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/layer.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/list-add.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/list-remove.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/mandelbulber.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/media-playback-start.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/media-playback-stop.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/media-record.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/mesh.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/object-rotate-left.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/object-rotate-right.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/plane.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/precise.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/preferences-system.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/prism.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/process-stop.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/qt.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/rectangle.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/roll.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/rot-around.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/rot.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/size-down.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/size-up.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/sphere.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/system-shutdown.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/torus.png
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/video-x-generic.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/view-refresh.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/icons/water.png
mandelbulber2/qt/image_save_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/image_save_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/image_save_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/light_editor.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/light_editor.h
mandelbulber2/qt/light_editor.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/light_sources_manager.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/light_sources_manager.h
mandelbulber2/qt/light_sources_manager.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/light_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/light_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/material_editor.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/material_editor.h
mandelbulber2/qt/material_editor.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/material_manager_view.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/material_manager_view.h
mandelbulber2/qt/material_manager_view.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/material_selector.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/material_selector.h
mandelbulber2/qt/material_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/material_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/mesh_export_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/mesh_export_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/mesh_export_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/my_check_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_check_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_color_button.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_color_button.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_combo_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_combo_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_double_spin_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_double_spin_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_group_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_group_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_histogram_label.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_histogram_label.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_line_edit.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_line_edit.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_log_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_log_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_progress_bar.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_progress_bar.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_scrolled_area.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_spin_box.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_spin_box.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_bar.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_bar.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_bar_with_checkbox.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_bar_with_checkbox.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_widget_with_checkboxes.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_tab_widget_with_checkboxes.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_table_widget_anim.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_table_widget_anim.hpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_table_widget_keyframes.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_table_widget_keyframes.hpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_text_edit.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_text_edit.h
mandelbulber2/qt/my_widget_with_params.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/my_widget_with_params.h
mandelbulber2/qt/navigator_window.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/navigator_window.h
mandelbulber2/qt/navigator_window.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/player_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/player_widget.hpp
mandelbulber2/qt/preferences_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/preferences_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/preferences_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/preview_file_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/preview_file_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/primitives_manager.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/primitives_manager.h
mandelbulber2/qt/primitives_manager.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/pushbutton_anim_sound.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/pushbutton_anim_sound.h
mandelbulber2/qt/randomizer_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/randomizer_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/randomizer_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/render_window.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/script_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/script_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/script_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_browser.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_browser.h
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_browser.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_cleaner.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_cleaner.h
mandelbulber2/qt/settings_cleaner.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/slider_popup.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/system_tray.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/system_tray.hpp
mandelbulber2/qt/tab_fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/tab_fractal.h
mandelbulber2/qt/tab_fractal.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/thumbnail_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/thumbnail_widget.h
mandelbulber2/qt/time_ruler.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/time_ruler.h
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/Camera target.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/Yaw_Pich_Roll.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/displacement_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/equirectangular_bkg.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/full_dome_bkg_axes.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/gamepad Keymap source.svg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/gamepad Keymap.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/god rays.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DE step factor 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DE step factor 4.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DOF - focus close.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DOF - focus far.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DOF - radius 10.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - DOF - radius 50.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - IFS folding.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - IFS.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - SSAO - quality 20.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - SSAO - quality 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - SSAO - quality 50.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - folded mandelbulb1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - folded mandelbulb2.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - fractal constant factor 2 - mandelbox.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - fractal constant factor 2 - mandelbulb.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - hybrid.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - hypercomplex.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - interior disabled.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - interior enabled.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - limits x, y, z.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - limits z.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - limits.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbox.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbulb power 10.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbulb power 2 minus z.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbulb power 2.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbulb power 4.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - mandelbulb.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - maxiter - 10.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - maxiter - 15.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - maxiter mode disabled.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - maxiter mode enabled.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - menger sponge.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - miniter 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - miniter 14.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - perspective 3point.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - perspective equirectangular.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - perspective fish eye.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - quaternion.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - resolution 0.2.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - resolution 0.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - resolution 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - DE shading.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient 0.2.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient 0.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient occlusion 1.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient occlusion example.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient occlusion fast mode.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient occlusion high quality.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - ambient occlusion low quality.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - backhround texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - colour speed 0.3.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - colour speed 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - colouring enabled.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - distance glow 2.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - distance glow.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - fog.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - glow 5.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - glow green red.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - glow only.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - glow red yellow.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - glow.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - 4 - 1000.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - 4 - 16000.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - 4 - 4000.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - 6 - 30000.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - 8 - 40000.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - iterfog - lights.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - not DE shading.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - orbit trap lights.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - reflection.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shading 0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shading 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shadow cone 0.jpeg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shadow cone 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shadows off.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - shadows on.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specular metallic 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specular metallic roughness 10.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specular metallic width 02.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specular metallic width 2.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specularity 0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - shader - specularity 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - smoothness 0.1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - smoothness 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - smoothness 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/image - spherical folded menger sponge.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - color texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - cubic mapping - center 0.3 0.3 0.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - cubic mapping - scaled down.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - cubic mapping - scaled up.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - cubic mapping.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - cylindrical mapping.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - diffusion texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - displacement map.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - iridescence off.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - iridescence on.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - luminosity texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - luminosity.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - normal map texture from bumpmap.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - normal map texture invert green off.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - normal map texture invert green on.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - normal map texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - planar mapping - default orientation.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - planar mapping - rotated.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - planar mapping.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance 0.3.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance 0.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance 0.8.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance 1.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance fresnel off.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - reflectance fresnel.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - roughness 0,05.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - roughness 0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - specular highlight color.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - specular highlight width 0.1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - specular highlight width 1.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - specular highlight width 5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - spherical mapping.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency index of refraction 1.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency index of refraction 1.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency index of refraction 2.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency of surface 0.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency of surface 0.8.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency of surface 1.0.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency of volume 0.5.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency of volume 0.8.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/material - transparency.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/move camera and target.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/move only camera.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/move only target.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/normal_map_texture.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/normal_map_texture_g_inv.jpg
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/random lights placement.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/rotate camera around target.png
mandelbulber2/qt/tooltips_images/rotate target around camera.png
mandelbulber2/qt/voxel_export_dialog.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/voxel_export_dialog.h
mandelbulber2/qt/voxel_export_dialog.ui
mandelbulber2/qt/wave_form_view.cpp
mandelbulber2/qt/wave_form_view.h
mandelbulber2/src/COPYING
mandelbulber2/src/algebra.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/algebra.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_flight.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_flight.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_frames.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_frames.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_keyframes.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_keyframes.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/animation_path_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/ao_modes.h
mandelbulber2/src/audio_fft_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/audio_fft_data.h
mandelbulber2/src/audio_track.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/audio_track.h
mandelbulber2/src/audio_track_collection.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/audio_track_collection.h
mandelbulber2/src/automated_widgets.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/automated_widgets.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/calculate_distance.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/calculate_distance.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/calculation_mode.h
mandelbulber2/src/camera_movement_modes.h
mandelbulber2/src/camera_target.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/camera_target.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/cast.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/cimage.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/cimage.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/color_gradient.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/color_gradient.h
mandelbulber2/src/color_structures.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/command_line_interface.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/command_line_interface.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/common_math.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/common_math.h
mandelbulber2/src/common_params.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/compute_fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/compute_fractal.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/container_selector.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/container_selector.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/denoiser.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/denoiser.h
mandelbulber2/src/displacement_map.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/displacement_map.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/dof.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/dof.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/error_message.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/error_message.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_downloader.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_downloader.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_image.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_image.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_mesh.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/file_mesh.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/files.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/files.h
mandelbulber2/src/fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractal.h
mandelbulber2/src/fractal_coloring.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractal_coloring.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractal_container.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractal_container.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractal_enums.h
mandelbulber2/src/fractparams.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/fractparams.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/global_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/global_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/headless.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/headless.h
mandelbulber2/src/histogram.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/histogram.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/hsv2rgb.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/hsv2rgb.h
mandelbulber2/src/image_adjustments.h
mandelbulber2/src/image_scale.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/image_scale.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/include_header_wrapper.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/initparameters.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/initparameters.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/interface.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/interface.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/keyframes.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/keyframes.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/light.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/light.h
mandelbulber2/src/lights.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/lights.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/lzo_compression.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/lzo_compression.h
mandelbulber2/src/main.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/main.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/mandelbulb3d_settings.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/mandelbulb3d_settings.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/manipulations.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/manipulations.h
mandelbulber2/src/marchingcubes.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/marchingcubes.h
mandelbulber2/src/material.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/material.h
mandelbulber2/src/material_item_model.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/material_item_model.h
mandelbulber2/src/material_item_view.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/material_item_view.h
mandelbulber2/src/mesh_export.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/mesh_export.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/morph.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/morph.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/multi_val.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/multi_val.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/my_ui_loader.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/my_ui_loader.h
mandelbulber2/src/netrender.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_client.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_client.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_file_receiver.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_file_receiver.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_file_sender.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_file_sender.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_server.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_server.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_transport.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/netrender_transport.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/nine_fractals.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/nine_fractals.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/object_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/object_types.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/old_settings.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/old_settings.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/one_parameter.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/one_parameter.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_abstract_dynamic_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_abstract_dynamic_data.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_context.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_context.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_device.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_device.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_dynamic_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_dynamic_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof_phase1.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof_phase1.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof_phase2.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_dof_phase2.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_fractal.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_fractal.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_post_filter.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_post_filter.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_ssao.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_engine_render_ssao.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_global.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_global.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_hardware.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_hardware.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_input_output_buffer.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_kernel.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_kernel.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_queue.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_queue.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_scheduler.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_scheduler.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_textures_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_textures_data.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_worker_output_queue.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_worker_output_queue.h
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_worker_thread.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/opencl_worker_thread.h
mandelbulber2/src/orbit_trap_shape.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/orbit_trap_shape.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/parameters.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/parameters.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/perlin_noise_octaves.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/perlin_noise_octaves.h
mandelbulber2/src/post_effect_hdr_blur.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/post_effect_hdr_blur.h
mandelbulber2/src/primitive.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/primitive.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/primitive_item.h
mandelbulber2/src/primitives.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/primitives.h
mandelbulber2/src/progress_text.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/progress_text.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/projection_3d.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/projection_3d.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/queue.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/queue.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/radiance_hdr.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/radiance_hdr.h
mandelbulber2/src/random.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/random.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/rectangle.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/region.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_image.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_image.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_job.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_job.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_queue.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_queue.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_ssao.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_ssao.h
mandelbulber2/src/render_window.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_window.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_window_buttons.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_window_menu.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_window_slots.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_worker.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/render_worker.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/rendered_image_widget.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/rendered_image_widget.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/rendered_tile_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/rendering_configuration.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/rendering_configuration.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/resource_http_provider.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/resource_http_provider.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/scheduler.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/scheduler.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/scripts.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/scripts.h
mandelbulber2/src/settings.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/settings.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_ambient_occlusion.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_aux_light.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_aux_shadow.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_background.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_calculate_normals.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_cloud_opacity.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_distance_fog_opacity.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_env_mapping.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_fake_lights.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_fast_ambient_occlusion.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_global_illumination.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_iridescence.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_iter_opacity.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_light_shading.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_normal_map_shader.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_object.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_roughess_texture.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_specular_highlight.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_specular_highlight_combined.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_surface_color.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_texture.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shader_volumetric.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shortcuts.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/shortcuts.h
mandelbulber2/src/ssao_worker.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/ssao_worker.h
mandelbulber2/src/statistics.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/statistics.h
mandelbulber2/src/stereo.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/stereo.h
mandelbulber2/src/synchronize_interface.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/synchronize_interface.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/system.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/system.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/system_data.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/system_data.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/system_directories.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/system_directories.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/test.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/test.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture_cache.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture_cache.h
mandelbulber2/src/texture_enums.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture_mapping.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/texture_mapping.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/thumbnail.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/thumbnail.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/trace_behind.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/trace_behind.h
mandelbulber2/src/tree_string_list.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/tree_string_list.h
mandelbulber2/src/undo.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/undo.h
mandelbulber2/src/voxel_export.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/voxel_export.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/wait.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/wait.hpp
mandelbulber2/src/write_log.cpp
mandelbulber2/src/write_log.hpp
mandelbulber2/third-party/stb/LICENSE
mandelbulber2/third-party/stb/stb_image.h
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/ANOVA.csv
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/ANOVA.py
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/NaNtester.log.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/NaNtester.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/README.md
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/RESULTS-SCALABILITY.md
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build.batch.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build.batch.cmake17.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build.bot.log.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build.bot.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build_all.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build_patches.log.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/build_patches.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/host.py
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/local.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/mandelbulber2-advisor/.gitignore
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/mandelbulber2-advisor/mandelbulber-advisor.advixeproj
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/mandelbulber2-vTune/.gitignore
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/mandelbulber2-vTune/mandelbulber2.amplxeproj
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/render.bot.log.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/render.bot.nodes.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/render.bot.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/trial-run-host.py
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/trial.log.Loop.10.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/trial.log.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/trial.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/DOE/white-space-v2.08-1.patch
mandelbulber2/tools/README.md
mandelbulber2/tools/TDR__disable.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/TDR_deprovision.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/TDR_enable.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/bench/bench.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/bench/render-all-examples.bat
mandelbulber2/tools/codeStyleCheck.php
mandelbulber2/tools/common.inc.php
mandelbulber2/tools/dos2unix.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/populateOpenCL.php
mandelbulber2/tools/populateUiInformation.php
mandelbulber2/tools/portMandelbulb3dFormula.php
mandelbulber2/tools/prepare_for_dev_debian_testing.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/prepare_for_dev_ubuntu.sh
mandelbulber2/tools/updateREADMEandCo.php
policy.txt
