.appveyor.yml
.github/FUNDING.yml
.github/workflows/android.yml
.github/workflows/codeql.yml
.github/workflows/linux.yml
.github/workflows/osx.yml
.gitignore
CONTRIBUTING.md
README.md
cert/mac/gpxsee.cer
cert/win/gpxsee.cer
data/CRS/ellipsoids.csv
data/CRS/gcs.csv
data/CRS/pcs.csv
data/CRS/projections.csv
data/maps/Antarctica.xml
data/maps/OpenStreetMap.xml
data/maps/OpenTopoMap.xml
data/maps/USGS-imagery.xml
data/maps/USGS-topo.xml
data/maps/mtbmap-cz.xml
data/mapsforge/default.xml
gpxsee.pro
gpxsee.qrc
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/application-exit.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-close.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-export.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-open-folder.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-open-recent.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-open.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/document-print.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/flag.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/go-first.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/go-last.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/go-next.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/go-previous.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/hint.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/map-globe.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/show-hidden.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/transform-move.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/view-fullscreen.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/actions/22x22/view-refresh.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/index.theme
icons/GUI/FlatColor/licence.txt
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_appearance.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_data.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_dem.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_maps.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_poi.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_position.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_print+export.svg
icons/GUI/FlatColor/preferences/48x48/gpxsee_system.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/application-exit.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-close.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-export.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-open-folder.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-open-recent.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-open.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/document-print.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/flag.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/go-first.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/go-last.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/go-next.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/go-previous.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/hint.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/map-globe.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/office-chart-area-stacked.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/show-hidden.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/transform-move.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/view-fullscreen.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/actions/22x22/view-refresh.svg
icons/GUI/Papirus/index.theme
icons/GUI/Papirus/licence.txt
icons/GUI/Papirus/preferences
icons/app/gpxsee.dia
icons/app/gpxsee.icns
icons/app/gpxsee.ico
icons/app/hicolor/128x128/apps/gpxsee.png
icons/app/hicolor/16x16/apps/gpxsee.png
icons/app/hicolor/32x32/apps/gpxsee.png
icons/app/hicolor/48x48/apps/gpxsee.png
icons/app/hicolor/64x64/apps/gpxsee.png
icons/app/hicolor/scalable/apps/gpxsee.svg
icons/formats/000.icns
icons/formats/000.ico
icons/formats/031.icns
icons/formats/031.ico
icons/formats/aqm.icns
icons/formats/aqm.ico
icons/formats/cup.icns
icons/formats/cup.ico
icons/formats/fit.icns
icons/formats/fit.ico
icons/formats/gemf.icns
icons/formats/gemf.ico
icons/formats/ghp.icns
icons/formats/ghp.ico
icons/formats/gpi.icns
icons/formats/gpi.ico
icons/formats/gpx.icns
icons/formats/gpx.ico
icons/formats/igc.icns
icons/formats/igc.ico
icons/formats/img.icns
icons/formats/img.ico
icons/formats/itn.icns
icons/formats/itn.ico
icons/formats/jnx.icns
icons/formats/jnx.ico
icons/formats/json.icns
icons/formats/json.ico
icons/formats/kap.icns
icons/formats/kap.ico
icons/formats/kml.icns
icons/formats/kml.ico
icons/formats/loc.icns
icons/formats/loc.ico
icons/formats/map.icns
icons/formats/map.ico
icons/formats/mbts.icns
icons/formats/mbts.ico
icons/formats/nmea.icns
icons/formats/nmea.ico
icons/formats/omd.icns
icons/formats/omd.ico
icons/formats/ov2.icns
icons/formats/ov2.ico
icons/formats/plt.icns
icons/formats/plt.ico
icons/formats/qct.icns
icons/formats/qct.ico
icons/formats/rmap.icns
icons/formats/rmap.ico
icons/formats/rte.icns
icons/formats/rte.ico
icons/formats/scripts/extensions
icons/formats/scripts/icns.sh
icons/formats/scripts/ico.sh
icons/formats/scripts/icon-template.svg
icons/formats/slf.icns
icons/formats/slf.ico
icons/formats/sml.icns
icons/formats/sml.ico
icons/formats/sqlt.icns
icons/formats/sqlt.ico
icons/formats/tba.icns
icons/formats/tba.ico
icons/formats/tcx.icns
icons/formats/tcx.ico
icons/formats/trk.icns
icons/formats/trk.ico
icons/formats/wld.icns
icons/formats/wld.ico
icons/formats/wpt.icns
icons/formats/wpt.ico
icons/map/POI/airfield-11.svg
icons/map/POI/airport-11.svg
icons/map/POI/alcohol-shop-11.svg
icons/map/POI/amusement-park-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bakery-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bank-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bar-11.svg
icons/map/POI/barrier-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bbq-11.svg
icons/map/POI/beach-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bowling-alley-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bridge-11.svg
icons/map/POI/building-alt1-11.svg
icons/map/POI/bus-11.svg
icons/map/POI/cafe-11.svg
icons/map/POI/campsite-11.svg
icons/map/POI/car-11.svg
icons/map/POI/car-rental-11.svg
icons/map/POI/car-repair-11.svg
icons/map/POI/casino-11.svg
icons/map/POI/cemetery-11.svg
icons/map/POI/cinema-11.svg
icons/map/POI/clothing-store-11.svg
icons/map/POI/communications-tower-11.svg
icons/map/POI/convenience-11.svg
icons/map/POI/dam-11.svg
icons/map/POI/danger-11.svg
icons/map/POI/drinking-water-11.svg
icons/map/POI/entrance-alt1-11.svg
icons/map/POI/fast-food-11.svg
icons/map/POI/fire-station-11.svg
icons/map/POI/fitness-centre-11.svg
icons/map/POI/fuel-11.svg
icons/map/POI/furniture-11.svg
icons/map/POI/garden-11.svg
icons/map/POI/garden-centre-11.svg
icons/map/POI/golf-11.svg
icons/map/POI/grocery-11.svg
icons/map/POI/hairdresser-11.svg
icons/map/POI/harbor-11.svg
icons/map/POI/hardware-11.svg
icons/map/POI/heliport-11.svg
icons/map/POI/hospital-11.svg
icons/map/POI/information-11.svg
icons/map/POI/landmark-11.svg
icons/map/POI/library-11.svg
icons/map/POI/licence.txt
icons/map/POI/lodging-11.svg
icons/map/POI/mountain-11.svg
icons/map/POI/museum-11.svg
icons/map/POI/park-11.svg
icons/map/POI/parking-11.svg
icons/map/POI/pharmacy-11.svg
icons/map/POI/picnic-site-11.svg
icons/map/POI/place-of-worship-11.svg
icons/map/POI/police-11.svg
icons/map/POI/post-11.svg
icons/map/POI/religious-christian-11.svg
icons/map/POI/religious-jewish-11.svg
icons/map/POI/religious-muslim-11.svg
icons/map/POI/restaurant-11.svg
icons/map/POI/restaurant-noodle-11.svg
icons/map/POI/restaurant-pizza-11.svg
icons/map/POI/restaurant-seafood-11.svg
icons/map/POI/roadblock-11.svg
icons/map/POI/school-11.svg
icons/map/POI/shelter-11.svg
icons/map/POI/shop-11.svg
icons/map/POI/skiing-11.svg
icons/map/POI/soccer-11.svg
icons/map/POI/swimming-11.svg
icons/map/POI/telephone-11.svg
icons/map/POI/theatre-11.svg
icons/map/POI/toilet-11.svg
icons/map/POI/town-hall-11.svg
icons/map/POI/viewpoint-11.svg
icons/map/POI/village-11.svg
icons/map/POI/volcano-11.svg
icons/map/POI/waterfall-11.svg
icons/map/POI/wetland-11.svg
icons/map/POI/zoo-11.svg
icons/map/arrow.png
icons/map/arrow@2x.png
icons/map/mapsforge/licence.txt
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/access-destination.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/access-private.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/arrow.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/cemetery.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/coniferous.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/coniferous_and_deciduous.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/deciduous.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/dot.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/farmland.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/grass.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/hills.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/marsh.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/military.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/nature-reserve.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/pike.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/quarry.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/rail.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/scrub.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/swamp.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/wood-coniferous.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/wood-deciduous.png
icons/map/mapsforge/patterns/wood-mixed.png
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/alpinehut.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/camping.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/caravan_park.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/chalet.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/hostel.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/hotel2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/accommodation/shelter2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/firestation3.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/fountain2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/library.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/playground.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/police2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/post_box.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/post_office.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/recycling.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/telephone.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/amenity/toilets.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/blocks.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/bollard.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/cycle_barrier.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/gate.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/lift_gate.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/barrier/stile.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/bench.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/cable_car.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/chair_lift.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/dot_black.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/dot_blue.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/dot_blue_dark.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/dot_magenta.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/dot_white.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/education/nursery3.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/education/school.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/education/university.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/bar.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/biergarten.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/cafe.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/drinkingtap.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/fastfood.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/pub.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/food/restaurant.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/gondola.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/health/doctors2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/health/hospital.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/health/pharmacy.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/money/atm2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/money/bank2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/oneway.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/peak.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/buddhist.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/christian.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/hindu.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/islamic.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/jewish.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/shinto.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/place_of_worship/unknown.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/poi/cave.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/poi/embassy2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/poi/mountain_pass.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/railway-crossing-small.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/railway-crossing.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/alcohol.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/bakery.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/bicycle.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/book.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/butcher.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/car_repair.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/convenience.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/diy.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/greengrocer.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/laundrette.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/marketplace.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/shopping/supermarket.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/golf.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/shooting.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/soccer.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/stadium.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/swimming_outdoor.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/sport/tennis.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/archaeological2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/attraction.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/castle2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/cinema2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/information.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/memorial.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/monument.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/museum.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/picnic.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/ruin.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/theatre.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/view_point.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/windmill.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/tourist/zoo.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/traffic_signal.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/airport2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/bus_station.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/bus_stop.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/fuel.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/helicopter.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/lighthouse.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/parking.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/parking_private.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/rental_bicycle.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/slipway.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/traffic_lights.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/train_station2.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/transport/tram_stop.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/volcano.svg
icons/map/mapsforge/symbols/water/weir.svg
icons/map/marine/anchor-line.png
icons/map/marine/anchorage.png
icons/map/marine/anchoring-prohibited.png
icons/map/marine/beacon.png
icons/map/marine/boarding-place.png
icons/map/marine/breakers.png
icons/map/marine/building.png
icons/map/marine/buoy.png
icons/map/marine/cable-area-line.png
icons/map/marine/cable-line.png
icons/map/marine/cable.png
icons/map/marine/chimney.png
icons/map/marine/church.png
icons/map/marine/coast-guard.png
icons/map/marine/construction.png
icons/map/marine/conveyor-line.png
icons/map/marine/crane.png
icons/map/marine/current.png
icons/map/marine/distance-mark-land.png
icons/map/marine/distance-mark.png
icons/map/marine/dw-route-line.png
icons/map/marine/entry-prohibited-line.png
icons/map/marine/fence-line.png
icons/map/marine/ferry-line.png
icons/map/marine/fishing-farm-line.png
icons/map/marine/fishing-harbor.png
icons/map/marine/flagstaff.png
icons/map/marine/fleeting-area.png
icons/map/marine/fog-signal.png
icons/map/marine/gauge.png
icons/map/marine/light-major.png
icons/map/marine/light-platform.png
icons/map/marine/light.png
icons/map/marine/monument.png
icons/map/marine/mooring-buoy.png
icons/map/marine/noanchor-line.png
icons/map/marine/obstruction-covers.png
icons/map/marine/obstruction.png
icons/map/marine/overfalls.png
icons/map/marine/pile.png
icons/map/marine/pipeline-area-line.png
icons/map/marine/pipeline-overhead.png
icons/map/marine/pipeline.png
icons/map/marine/platform.png
icons/map/marine/pylon.png
icons/map/marine/radar-transponder.png
icons/map/marine/radar.png
icons/map/marine/radio-call-2w.png
icons/map/marine/radio-call.png
icons/map/marine/radio.png
icons/map/marine/rescue-station.png
icons/map/marine/rock-dangerous.png
icons/map/marine/rock-exposed.png
icons/map/marine/safety-zone-line.png
icons/map/marine/shipyard.png
icons/map/marine/silo.png
icons/map/marine/spar-buoy.png
icons/map/marine/tank.png
icons/map/marine/tower.png
icons/map/marine/triangulation-point.png
icons/map/marine/turning-basin.png
icons/map/marine/windmill.png
icons/map/marine/windmotor.png
icons/map/marine/wreck-dangerous.png
icons/map/marine/wreck-exposed.png
icons/map/marine/wreck.png
icons/map/marine/yacht-harbor.png
icons/map/water-arrow.png
icons/map/water-arrow@2x.png
icons/symbols/ATV.png
icons/symbols/Airport.png
icons/symbols/Alert.png
icons/symbols/Amusement Park.png
icons/symbols/Anchor.png
icons/symbols/Ballpark.png
icons/symbols/Bank.png
icons/symbols/Bar.png
icons/symbols/Beach.png
icons/symbols/Big Game.png
icons/symbols/Bike Trail.png
icons/symbols/Boat Ramp.png
icons/symbols/Bowling.png
icons/symbols/Bridge.png
icons/symbols/Building.png
icons/symbols/Campground.png
icons/symbols/Car Rental.png
icons/symbols/Car Repair.png
icons/symbols/Car.png
icons/symbols/Cemetary.png
icons/symbols/Checkpoint.png
icons/symbols/Church.png
icons/symbols/Crossing.png
icons/symbols/Dam.png
icons/symbols/Danger.png
icons/symbols/Drinking Water.png
icons/symbols/Fastfood.png
icons/symbols/Ferry.png
icons/symbols/First Aid.png
icons/symbols/First Category.png
icons/symbols/Fishing Area.png
icons/symbols/Flag, Blue.png
icons/symbols/Flag, Green.png
icons/symbols/Flag, Red.png
icons/symbols/Flag.png
icons/symbols/Food.png
icons/symbols/Forest.png
icons/symbols/Fourth Category.png
icons/symbols/Funicular.png
icons/symbols/Furbearer.png
icons/symbols/Gas Station.png
icons/symbols/Gear.png
icons/symbols/Geocache Found.png
icons/symbols/Geocache.png
icons/symbols/Ghost Town.png
icons/symbols/Golf Course.png
icons/symbols/Ground Transportation.png
icons/symbols/Heliport.png
icons/symbols/Hors Category.png
icons/symbols/Hunting Area.png
icons/symbols/Iceskating.png
icons/symbols/Info.png
icons/symbols/Information.png
icons/symbols/Left.png
icons/symbols/Library.png
icons/symbols/Live Theater.png
icons/symbols/Lodge.png
icons/symbols/Lodging.png
icons/symbols/Marina.png
icons/symbols/Medical Facility.png
icons/symbols/Meeting Spot.png
icons/symbols/Military.png
icons/symbols/Mine.png
icons/symbols/Movie Theater.png
icons/symbols/Museum.png
icons/symbols/Obstacle.png
icons/symbols/Oil Field.png
icons/symbols/Overlook.png
icons/symbols/Parachute Area.png
icons/symbols/Park.png
icons/symbols/Parking Area.png
icons/symbols/Pharmacy.png
icons/symbols/Picnic Area.png
icons/symbols/Pizza.png
icons/symbols/Police Station.png
icons/symbols/Post Office.png
icons/symbols/RV Park.png
icons/symbols/Radio Beacon.png
icons/symbols/Railway.png
icons/symbols/Residence.png
icons/symbols/Rest Area.png
icons/symbols/Restaurant.png
icons/symbols/Restroom.png
icons/symbols/Right.png
icons/symbols/Scenic Area.png
icons/symbols/School.png
icons/symbols/Second Category.png
icons/symbols/Segment End.png
icons/symbols/Segment Start.png
icons/symbols/Service.png
icons/symbols/Sharp Curve.png
icons/symbols/Sharp Left.png
icons/symbols/Sharp Right.png
icons/symbols/Shelter.png
icons/symbols/Shipwreck.png
icons/symbols/Shopping Center.png
icons/symbols/Shower.png
icons/symbols/Ski Resort.png
icons/symbols/Skiing Area.png
icons/symbols/Skull and Crossbones.png
icons/symbols/Slight Left.png
icons/symbols/Slight Right.png
icons/symbols/Small Game.png
icons/symbols/Sprint.png
icons/symbols/Stadium.png
icons/symbols/Steep Incline.png
icons/symbols/Store.png
icons/symbols/Straight.png
icons/symbols/Summit.png
icons/symbols/Tall Tower.png
icons/symbols/Telephone.png
icons/symbols/Third Category.png
icons/symbols/Toilet.png
icons/symbols/Trail Head.png
icons/symbols/Transport.png
icons/symbols/Truck Stop.png
icons/symbols/Truck.png
icons/symbols/Tunnel.png
icons/symbols/U-Turn.png
icons/symbols/Ultralight Area.png
icons/symbols/Upland Game.png
icons/symbols/Valley.png
icons/symbols/Water Hydrant.png
icons/symbols/Water Source.png
icons/symbols/Water.png
icons/symbols/Waterfowl.png
icons/symbols/Waypoint.png
icons/symbols/Winery.png
icons/symbols/Zoo.png
icons/symbols/licence.txt
lang/gpxsee_ca.ts
lang/gpxsee_cs.ts
lang/gpxsee_da.ts
lang/gpxsee_de.ts
lang/gpxsee_en.ts
lang/gpxsee_eo.ts
lang/gpxsee_es.ts
lang/gpxsee_fi.ts
lang/gpxsee_fr.ts
lang/gpxsee_hu.ts
lang/gpxsee_it.ts
lang/gpxsee_ko.ts
lang/gpxsee_nb.ts
lang/gpxsee_pl.ts
lang/gpxsee_pt_BR.ts
lang/gpxsee_ru.ts
lang/gpxsee_sv.ts
lang/gpxsee_tr.ts
lang/gpxsee_uk.ts
lang/gpxsee_zh.ts
licence.txt
pkg/android/AndroidManifest.xml
pkg/android/build.gradle
pkg/android/res/drawable-hdpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/drawable-ldpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/drawable-mdpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/drawable-xhdpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/drawable-xxhdpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/drawable-xxxhdpi/icon.png
pkg/android/res/values/libs.xml
pkg/android/src/org/gpxsee/gpxsee/Activity.java
pkg/linux/gpxsee.appdata.xml
pkg/linux/gpxsee.desktop
pkg/linux/gpxsee.xml
pkg/mac/Info.plist
pkg/windows/gpxsee64.nsi
src/GUI/app.cpp
src/GUI/app.h
src/GUI/areaitem.cpp
src/GUI/areaitem.h
src/GUI/authenticationwidget.cpp
src/GUI/authenticationwidget.h
src/GUI/axisitem.cpp
src/GUI/axisitem.h
src/GUI/axislabelitem.cpp
src/GUI/axislabelitem.h
src/GUI/cadencegraph.cpp
src/GUI/cadencegraph.h
src/GUI/cadencegraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/cadencegraphitem.h
src/GUI/colorbox.cpp
src/GUI/colorbox.h
src/GUI/coordinatesitem.cpp
src/GUI/coordinatesitem.h
src/GUI/crosshairitem.cpp
src/GUI/crosshairitem.h
src/GUI/dirselectwidget.cpp
src/GUI/dirselectwidget.h
src/GUI/elevationgraph.cpp
src/GUI/elevationgraph.h
src/GUI/elevationgraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/elevationgraphitem.h
src/GUI/filebrowser.cpp
src/GUI/filebrowser.h
src/GUI/fileselectwidget.cpp
src/GUI/fileselectwidget.h
src/GUI/flowlayout.cpp
src/GUI/flowlayout.h
src/GUI/font.h
src/GUI/format.cpp
src/GUI/format.h
src/GUI/gearratiograph.cpp
src/GUI/gearratiograph.h
src/GUI/gearratiographitem.cpp
src/GUI/gearratiographitem.h
src/GUI/graphicsscene.cpp
src/GUI/graphicsscene.h
src/GUI/graphitem.cpp
src/GUI/graphitem.h
src/GUI/graphtab.h
src/GUI/graphview.cpp
src/GUI/graphview.h
src/GUI/griditem.cpp
src/GUI/griditem.h
src/GUI/gui.cpp
src/GUI/gui.h
src/GUI/heartrategraph.cpp
src/GUI/heartrategraph.h
src/GUI/heartrategraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/heartrategraphitem.h
src/GUI/icons.h
src/GUI/infoitem.cpp
src/GUI/infoitem.h
src/GUI/infolabel.cpp
src/GUI/infolabel.h
src/GUI/keys.h
src/GUI/mapaction.h
src/GUI/mapitem.cpp
src/GUI/mapitem.h
src/GUI/mapview.cpp
src/GUI/mapview.h
src/GUI/marginswidget.cpp
src/GUI/marginswidget.h
src/GUI/markerinfoitem.cpp
src/GUI/markerinfoitem.h
src/GUI/markeritem.cpp
src/GUI/markeritem.h
src/GUI/motioninfoitem.cpp
src/GUI/motioninfoitem.h
src/GUI/navigationwidget.cpp
src/GUI/navigationwidget.h
src/GUI/oddspinbox.cpp
src/GUI/oddspinbox.h
src/GUI/optionsdialog.cpp
src/GUI/optionsdialog.h
src/GUI/palette.cpp
src/GUI/palette.h
src/GUI/passwordedit.cpp
src/GUI/passwordedit.h
src/GUI/pathitem.cpp
src/GUI/pathitem.h
src/GUI/pathtickitem.cpp
src/GUI/pathtickitem.h
src/GUI/pdfexportdialog.cpp
src/GUI/pdfexportdialog.h
src/GUI/percentslider.cpp
src/GUI/percentslider.h
src/GUI/planeitem.h
src/GUI/pluginparameters.cpp
src/GUI/pluginparameters.h
src/GUI/pngexportdialog.cpp
src/GUI/pngexportdialog.h
src/GUI/poiaction.h
src/GUI/popup.cpp
src/GUI/popup.h
src/GUI/powergraph.cpp
src/GUI/powergraph.h
src/GUI/powergraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/powergraphitem.h
src/GUI/projectioncombobox.cpp
src/GUI/projectioncombobox.h
src/GUI/routeitem.cpp
src/GUI/routeitem.h
src/GUI/scaleitem.cpp
src/GUI/scaleitem.h
src/GUI/searchpointer.h
src/GUI/settings.cpp
src/GUI/settings.h
src/GUI/sliderinfoitem.cpp
src/GUI/sliderinfoitem.h
src/GUI/slideritem.cpp
src/GUI/slideritem.h
src/GUI/speedgraph.cpp
src/GUI/speedgraph.h
src/GUI/speedgraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/speedgraphitem.h
src/GUI/stylecombobox.cpp
src/GUI/stylecombobox.h
src/GUI/temperaturegraph.cpp
src/GUI/temperaturegraph.h
src/GUI/temperaturegraphitem.cpp
src/GUI/temperaturegraphitem.h
src/GUI/thumbnail.cpp
src/GUI/thumbnail.h
src/GUI/timetype.h
src/GUI/timezoneinfo.h
src/GUI/tooltip.h
src/GUI/trackinfo.cpp
src/GUI/trackinfo.h
src/GUI/trackitem.cpp
src/GUI/trackitem.h
src/GUI/units.h
src/GUI/waypointitem.cpp
src/GUI/waypointitem.h
src/common/color.h
src/common/config.h
src/common/coordinates.cpp
src/common/coordinates.h
src/common/csv.cpp
src/common/csv.h
src/common/dem.cpp
src/common/dem.h
src/common/demloader.cpp
src/common/demloader.h
src/common/downloader.cpp
src/common/downloader.h
src/common/garmin.h
src/common/greatcircle.cpp
src/common/greatcircle.h
src/common/hash.h
src/common/kv.h
src/common/linec.h
src/common/polygon.h
src/common/programpaths.cpp
src/common/programpaths.h
src/common/range.cpp
src/common/range.h
src/common/rectc.cpp
src/common/rectc.h
src/common/rtree.h
src/common/textcodec.cpp
src/common/textcodec.h
src/common/tifffile.cpp
src/common/tifffile.h
src/common/treenode.h
src/common/util.cpp
src/common/util.h
src/common/wgs84.h
src/data/address.cpp
src/data/address.h
src/data/area.h
src/data/csvparser.cpp
src/data/csvparser.h
src/data/cupparser.cpp
src/data/cupparser.h
src/data/data.cpp
src/data/data.h
src/data/exifparser.cpp
src/data/exifparser.h
src/data/fitparser.cpp
src/data/fitparser.h
src/data/geojsonparser.cpp
src/data/geojsonparser.h
src/data/gpiparser.cpp
src/data/gpiparser.h
src/data/gpsdumpparser.cpp
src/data/gpsdumpparser.h
src/data/gpxparser.cpp
src/data/gpxparser.h
src/data/graph.h
src/data/igcparser.cpp
src/data/igcparser.h
src/data/itnparser.cpp
src/data/itnparser.h
src/data/kmlparser.cpp
src/data/kmlparser.h
src/data/link.h
src/data/locparser.cpp
src/data/locparser.h
src/data/nmeaparser.cpp
src/data/nmeaparser.h
src/data/onmoveparsers.cpp
src/data/onmoveparsers.h
src/data/ov2parser.cpp
src/data/ov2parser.h
src/data/oziparsers.cpp
src/data/oziparsers.h
src/data/parser.h
src/data/path.cpp
src/data/path.h
src/data/poi.cpp
src/data/poi.h
src/data/route.cpp
src/data/route.h
src/data/routedata.h
src/data/slfparser.cpp
src/data/slfparser.h
src/data/smlparser.cpp
src/data/smlparser.h
src/data/style.h
src/data/tcxparser.cpp
src/data/tcxparser.h
src/data/track.cpp
src/data/track.h
src/data/trackdata.h
src/data/trackpoint.h
src/data/twonavparser.cpp
src/data/twonavparser.h
src/data/waypoint.cpp
src/data/waypoint.h
src/main.cpp
src/map/ENC/atlasdata.cpp
src/map/ENC/atlasdata.h
src/map/ENC/attributes.h
src/map/ENC/iso8211.cpp
src/map/ENC/iso8211.h
src/map/ENC/mapdata.cpp
src/map/ENC/mapdata.h
src/map/ENC/objects.h
src/map/ENC/rastertile.cpp
src/map/ENC/rastertile.h
src/map/ENC/style.cpp
src/map/ENC/style.h
src/map/IMG/bitstream.cpp
src/map/IMG/bitstream.h
src/map/IMG/deltastream.cpp
src/map/IMG/deltastream.h
src/map/IMG/gmapdata.cpp
src/map/IMG/gmapdata.h
src/map/IMG/huffmanbuffer.cpp
src/map/IMG/huffmanbuffer.h
src/map/IMG/huffmanstream.cpp
src/map/IMG/huffmanstream.h
src/map/IMG/huffmantable.cpp
src/map/IMG/huffmantable.h
src/map/IMG/huffmantext.cpp
src/map/IMG/huffmantext.h
src/map/IMG/imgdata.cpp
src/map/IMG/imgdata.h
src/map/IMG/label.h
src/map/IMG/lblfile.cpp
src/map/IMG/lblfile.h
src/map/IMG/mapdata.cpp
src/map/IMG/mapdata.h
src/map/IMG/netfile.cpp
src/map/IMG/netfile.h
src/map/IMG/nodfile.cpp
src/map/IMG/nodfile.h
src/map/IMG/raster.h
src/map/IMG/rastertile.cpp
src/map/IMG/rastertile.h
src/map/IMG/rgnfile.cpp
src/map/IMG/rgnfile.h
src/map/IMG/section.h
src/map/IMG/shield.h
src/map/IMG/style.cpp
src/map/IMG/style.h
src/map/IMG/subdiv.h
src/map/IMG/subfile.cpp
src/map/IMG/subfile.h
src/map/IMG/trefile.cpp
src/map/IMG/trefile.h
src/map/IMG/vectortile.cpp
src/map/IMG/vectortile.h
src/map/IMG/zoom.h
src/map/angularunits.cpp
src/map/angularunits.h
src/map/aqmmap.cpp
src/map/aqmmap.h
src/map/atlas.cpp
src/map/atlas.h
src/map/bitmapline.cpp
src/map/bitmapline.h
src/map/bsbmap.cpp
src/map/bsbmap.h
src/map/calibrationpoint.h
src/map/conversion.cpp
src/map/conversion.h
src/map/coordinatesystem.cpp
src/map/coordinatesystem.h
src/map/crs.cpp
src/map/crs.h
src/map/ct.h
src/map/datum.cpp
src/map/datum.h
src/map/ellipsoid.cpp
src/map/ellipsoid.h
src/map/emptymap.cpp
src/map/emptymap.h
src/map/encatlas.cpp
src/map/encatlas.h
src/map/encjob.h
src/map/encmap.cpp
src/map/encmap.h
src/map/gcs.cpp
src/map/gcs.h
src/map/gemfmap.cpp
src/map/gemfmap.h
src/map/geocentric.cpp
src/map/geocentric.h
src/map/geotiff.cpp
src/map/geotiff.h
src/map/geotiffmap.cpp
src/map/geotiffmap.h
src/map/gmifile.cpp
src/map/gmifile.h
src/map/hillshading.cpp
src/map/hillshading.h
src/map/image.cpp
src/map/image.h
src/map/imgmap.cpp
src/map/imgmap.h
src/map/invalidmap.h
src/map/jnxmap.cpp
src/map/jnxmap.h
src/map/kmzmap.cpp
src/map/kmzmap.h
src/map/linearunits.cpp
src/map/linearunits.h
src/map/map.cpp
src/map/map.h
src/map/mapfile.cpp
src/map/mapfile.h
src/map/maplist.cpp
src/map/maplist.h
src/map/mapsforge/mapdata.cpp
src/map/mapsforge/mapdata.h
src/map/mapsforge/rastertile.cpp
src/map/mapsforge/rastertile.h
src/map/mapsforge/style.cpp
src/map/mapsforge/style.h
src/map/mapsforge/subfile.cpp
src/map/mapsforge/subfile.h
src/map/mapsforgemap.cpp
src/map/mapsforgemap.h
src/map/mapsource.cpp
src/map/mapsource.h
src/map/matrix.cpp
src/map/matrix.h
src/map/mbtilesmap.cpp
src/map/mbtilesmap.h
src/map/onlinemap.cpp
src/map/onlinemap.h
src/map/oruxmap.cpp
src/map/oruxmap.h
src/map/osm.cpp
src/map/osm.h
src/map/osmdroidmap.cpp
src/map/osmdroidmap.h
src/map/ozf.cpp
src/map/ozf.h
src/map/ozimap.cpp
src/map/ozimap.h
src/map/pcs.cpp
src/map/pcs.h
src/map/pointd.h
src/map/primemeridian.cpp
src/map/primemeridian.h
src/map/prjfile.cpp
src/map/prjfile.h
src/map/proj/albersequal.cpp
src/map/proj/albersequal.h
src/map/proj/krovak.cpp
src/map/proj/krovak.h
src/map/proj/lambertazimuthal.cpp
src/map/proj/lambertazimuthal.h
src/map/proj/lambertconic.cpp
src/map/proj/lambertconic.h
src/map/proj/latlon.h
src/map/proj/mercator.cpp
src/map/proj/mercator.h
src/map/proj/obliquestereographic.cpp
src/map/proj/obliquestereographic.h
src/map/proj/polarstereographic.cpp
src/map/proj/polarstereographic.h
src/map/proj/polyconic.cpp
src/map/proj/polyconic.h
src/map/proj/transversemercator.cpp
src/map/proj/transversemercator.h
src/map/proj/webmercator.cpp
src/map/proj/webmercator.h
src/map/projection.cpp
src/map/projection.h
src/map/qctmap.cpp
src/map/qctmap.h
src/map/rectd.cpp
src/map/rectd.h
src/map/rmap.cpp
src/map/rmap.h
src/map/sqlitemap.cpp
src/map/sqlitemap.h
src/map/tar.cpp
src/map/tar.h
src/map/textitem.cpp
src/map/textitem.h
src/map/textpathitem.cpp
src/map/textpathitem.h
src/map/textpointitem.cpp
src/map/textpointitem.h
src/map/tile.h
src/map/tileloader.cpp
src/map/tileloader.h
src/map/transform.cpp
src/map/transform.h
src/map/utm.cpp
src/map/utm.h
src/map/wldfile.cpp
src/map/wldfile.h
src/map/wms.cpp
src/map/wms.h
src/map/wmsmap.cpp
src/map/wmsmap.h
src/map/wmts.cpp
src/map/wmts.h
src/map/wmtsmap.cpp
src/map/wmtsmap.h
src/map/worldfilemap.cpp
src/map/worldfilemap.h
theme-color.qrc
theme-grayscale.qrc
