.github/workflows/build-beta-release.yml
.github/workflows/build-production-release.yml
.github/workflows/build-release.yml
.github/workflows/ci.yml
.github/workflows/run-tests.yml
.gitignore
3ds/INSTALL.TXT
3ds/Makefile
3ds/assets/banner.png
3ds/assets/icon.png
3ds/assets/sound.wav
3ds/assets/template.rsf
3ds/ci-build-3ds.sh
3ds/ci-install-dependencies.sh
3ds/tools/bannertool-linux
3ds/tools/bannertool-mac
3ds/tools/bannertool.exe
3ds/tools/makerom-linux
3ds/tools/makerom-mac
3ds/tools/makerom.exe
README.md
asm/BUILD.BAT
asm/DATA.INC
asm/GLOBALS.INC
asm/LICENSE
asm/Makefile
asm/SEGMENTS.INC
asm/SUPAPLEX.ASM
asm/SUPAPLEX.i64
asm/TEST.BAT
asm/UTILS.ASM
asm/VARS.INC
build/README
changelog/v7.0.txt
changelog/v7.1.1.txt
changelog/v7.1.2.txt
changelog/v7.1.txt
changelog/v7.2.txt
ci/Dockerfile-3ds
ci/Dockerfile-nds
ci/Dockerfile-ps3
ci/Dockerfile-riscos
ci/Dockerfile-switch
ci/Dockerfile-vita
ci/Dockerfile-wii
ci/Dockerfile-wiiu
linux/Makefile
linux/ci-build.sh
linux/ci-prepare.sh
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/Contents.json
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-1024.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-128.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-16.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-256.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-32.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-512.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/AppIcon.appiconset/murphy-64.png
macos/OpenSupaplex/Assets.xcassets/Contents.json
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Headers
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Resources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/SDL2
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_assert.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_atomic.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_audio.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_bits.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_blendmode.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_clipboard.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_config.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_config_macosx.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_copying.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_cpuinfo.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_endian.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_error.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_events.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_filesystem.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_gamecontroller.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_gesture.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_guid.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_haptic.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_hidapi.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_hints.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_joystick.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_keyboard.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_keycode.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_loadso.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_locale.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_log.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_main.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_messagebox.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_metal.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_misc.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_mouse.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_mutex.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_name.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengl.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengl_glext.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles2.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles2_gl2.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles2_gl2ext.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles2_gl2platform.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_opengles2_khrplatform.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_pixels.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_platform.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_power.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_quit.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_rect.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_render.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_revision.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_rwops.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_scancode.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_sensor.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_shape.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_stdinc.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_surface.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_system.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_syswm.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_thread.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_timer.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_touch.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_types.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_version.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_video.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_vulkan.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/begin_code.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Headers/close_code.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CMake/sdl2-config-version.cmake
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CMake/sdl2-config.cmake
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/License.txt
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/ReadMe.txt
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/Resources/default.metallib
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/SDL2
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/A/_CodeSignature/CodeResources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2.framework/Versions/Current
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Headers
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Resources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/SDL2_mixer
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/Headers/SDL_mixer.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CMake/sdl2_mixer-config-version.cmake
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/Resources/CMake/sdl2_mixer-config.cmake
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/SDL2_mixer
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/A/_CodeSignature/CodeResources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/SDL2_mixer.framework/Versions/Current
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Headers
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Resources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/A/Headers/xmp.h
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/A/Resources/Info.plist
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/A/Resources/README
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/A/_CodeSignature/CodeResources
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/A/xmp_lite
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/Versions/Current
macos/OpenSupaplex/Frameworks/xmp_lite.framework/xmp_lite
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/contents.xcworkspacedata
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.xcodeproj/project.xcworkspace/xcshareddata/IDEWorkspaceChecks.plist
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.xcodeproj/xcshareddata/xcschemes/OpenSupaple-sandboxed.xcscheme
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.xcodeproj/xcshareddata/xcschemes/OpenSupaplex.xcscheme
macos/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex/OpenSupaplex.entitlements
macos/OpenSupaplex/macOS-Info.plist
macos/OpenSupaplex/macOS-sandboxed-Info.plist
macos/ci-build.sh
macos/ci-prepare.sh
nds/Makefile
nds/ci-build-nds.sh
nds/icon.bmp
open-supaplex.svg
ps2/Makefile
ps3/Makefile
ps3/assets/ICON0.PNG
ps3/assets/PIC1.PNG
ps3/assets/PIC1.xcf
ps3/assets/SND0.AT3
ps3/assets/package.conf
ps3/assets/sfo.xml
ps3/ci-build.sh
psp/Makefile
psp/assets/ICON0.PNG
psp/assets/PIC1.PNG
psp/assets/PIC1.xcf
psp/assets/SND0.AT3
psp/ci-build.sh
psp/ci-install-dependencies.sh
resources/BACK.DAT
resources/CHARS6.DAT
resources/CHARS8.DAT
resources/CONTROLS.DAT
resources/DEMO0.BIN
resources/DEMO1.BIN
resources/DEMO2.BIN
resources/DEMO3.BIN
resources/DEMO4.BIN
resources/DEMO5.BIN
resources/DEMO6.BIN
resources/DEMO7.BIN
resources/DEMO8.BIN
resources/DEMO9.BIN
resources/FIXED.DAT
resources/GFX.DAT
resources/LEVEL.L01
resources/LEVEL.L02
resources/LEVEL.L03
resources/LEVEL.L04
resources/LEVEL.L05
resources/LEVEL.L06
resources/LEVEL.L07
resources/LEVEL.L08
resources/LEVEL.L09
resources/LEVEL.L10
resources/LEVEL.L11
resources/LEVEL.L12
resources/LEVEL.L24
resources/LEVEL.L27
resources/LEVEL.L32
resources/LEVEL.L35
resources/LEVEL.L36
resources/LEVEL.L77
resources/LEVEL.L78
resources/LEVEL.L79
resources/LEVEL.L92
resources/LEVEL.L93
resources/LEVEL.L94
resources/LEVEL.L95
resources/LEVEL.L96
resources/LEVEL.L97
resources/LEVEL.L98
resources/LEVEL.LST
resources/LEVELS.D01
resources/LEVELS.D02
resources/LEVELS.D03
resources/LEVELS.D04
resources/LEVELS.D05
resources/LEVELS.D06
resources/LEVELS.D07
resources/LEVELS.D08
resources/LEVELS.D09
resources/LEVELS.D10
resources/LEVELS.D11
resources/LEVELS.D12
resources/LEVELS.D24
resources/LEVELS.D27
resources/LEVELS.D32
resources/LEVELS.D35
resources/LEVELS.D36
resources/LEVELS.D77
resources/LEVELS.D78
resources/LEVELS.D79
resources/LEVELS.D92
resources/LEVELS.D93
resources/LEVELS.D94
resources/LEVELS.D95
resources/LEVELS.D96
resources/LEVELS.D97
resources/LEVELS.D98
resources/LEVELS.DAT
resources/MENU.DAT
resources/MOVING.DAT
resources/PALETTES.DAT
resources/PANEL.DAT
resources/README.TXT
resources/SPFIX63.DOC
resources/SPLVLS01.TXT
resources/SPLVLS02.TXT
resources/SPLVLS03.TXT
resources/SPLVLS04.TXT
resources/SPLVLS05.TXT
resources/SPLVLS06.TXT
resources/SPLVLS07.TXT
resources/SPLVLS08.TXT
resources/SPLVLS09.TXT
resources/SPLVLS10.TXT
resources/SPLVLS11.TXT
resources/SPLVLS12.TXT
resources/SPLVLS24.TXT
resources/SPLVLS27.TXT
resources/SPLVLS32.TXT
resources/SPLVLS35.TXT
resources/SPLVLS36.TXT
resources/SPLVLS77.TXT
resources/SPLVLS78.TXT
resources/SPLVLS79.TXT
resources/SPLVLS92.TXT
resources/SPLVLS93.TXT
resources/SPLVLS94.TXT
resources/SPLVLS95.TXT
resources/SPLVLS96.TXT
resources/SPLVLS97.TXT
resources/SPLVLS98.TXT
resources/TITLE.DAT
resources/TITLE1.DAT
resources/TITLE2.DAT
resources/audio/base-adlib.wav
resources/audio/base-beep.wav
resources/audio/base-blaster.wav
resources/audio/base-sample.wav
resources/audio/bug-adlib.wav
resources/audio/bug-beep.wav
resources/audio/bug-blaster.wav
resources/audio/bug-sample.wav
resources/audio/exit-adlib.wav
resources/audio/exit-beep.wav
resources/audio/exit-blaster.wav
resources/audio/exit-sample.wav
resources/audio/explosion-adlib.wav
resources/audio/explosion-beep.wav
resources/audio/explosion-blaster.wav
resources/audio/explosion-sample.wav
resources/audio/fall-adlib.wav
resources/audio/fall-beep.wav
resources/audio/fall-blaster.wav
resources/audio/fall-sample.wav
resources/audio/infotron-adlib.wav
resources/audio/infotron-beep.wav
resources/audio/infotron-blaster.wav
resources/audio/infotron-sample.wav
resources/audio/music-beep.xm
resources/audio/music-blaster.xm
resources/audio/music-roland.xm
resources/audio/push-adlib.wav
resources/audio/push-beep.wav
resources/audio/push-blaster.wav
resources/audio/push-sample.wav
resources/myspsig.txt
riscos/!OSupaplex/!Run,feb
riscos/!OSupaplex/!Sprites,ff9
riscos/Makefile
riscos/ci-build.sh
src/3ds/virtualKeyboard.c
src/animations.c
src/animations.h
src/apple/file.m
src/audio.h
src/buttonBorders.c
src/buttonBorders.h
src/commandLineParser.c
src/commandLineParser.h
src/conditionals.c
src/conditionals.h
src/config.c
src/config.h
src/controller.h
src/demo.c
src/demo.h
src/file.c
src/file.h
src/globals.c
src/globals.h
src/graphics.c
src/graphics.h
src/input.c
src/input.h
src/keyboard.h
src/lib/ini/LICENSE
src/lib/ini/README.md
src/lib/ini/ini.c
src/lib/ini/ini.h
src/logging.c
src/logging.h
src/menu.c
src/menu.h
src/nds/maxmod.c
src/nds/virtualKeyboard.c
src/null/audio.c
src/null/video.c
src/null/virtualKeyboard.c
src/nx/nxVirtualKeyboard.c
src/ps3/virtualKeyboard.c
src/psp/video.c
src/psp2/psp2VirtualKeyboard.c
src/savegame.c
src/savegame.h
src/sdl1/controller.c
src/sdl1/keyboard.c
src/sdl1/touchscreen.c
src/sdl1/video.c
src/sdl2/controller.c
src/sdl2/keyboard.c
src/sdl2/touchscreen.c
src/sdl2/video.c
src/sdl_common/audio.c
src/sdl_common/system.c
src/supaplex.c
src/system.h
src/touchscreen.h
src/utils.c
src/utils.h
src/video.h
src/virtualKeyboard.h
src/wii/virtualKeyboard.c
src/wiiu/virtualKeyboard.c
switch/Makefile
switch/ci-build-switch.sh
switch/ci-install-dependencies.sh
switch/resources/appstore-icon.png
switch/resources/appstore-info.json
switch/resources/appstore-screen.png
switch/resources/launcher-icon.jpg
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-1.png
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-2.png
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-3.png
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-4.png
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-5.png
switch/resources/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-6.png
tests/Makefile
tests/README.md
tests/ci-build.sh
tests/ci-prepare.sh
tests/failures/04/04s105-5.sp
tests/failures/05/05s025-1.sp
tests/failures/1/JENS0076.SP
tests/failures/demos/+++Small_023_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/+++Small_023_the-rest-of-your-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick02.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick05.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick06(2).sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick06.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick07.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick08.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick09.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick10.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick11.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick12.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick13.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick14.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick15.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick16.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick17.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick18.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick19.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick20.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick21.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick22.sp
tests/failures/demos/+Trick23.sp
tests/failures/demos/001 Civil War.sp
tests/failures/demos/001_Turn_Them_Around!.sp
tests/failures/demos/002 Easy one 2.sp
tests/failures/demos/002 Easy one.sp
tests/failures/demos/002 Planet Infotron.sp
tests/failures/demos/002_Be_Strongest!.sp
tests/failures/demos/002_Be_Strongest!LastColumn.sp
tests/failures/demos/002_Be_Strongest!_1.sp
tests/failures/demos/002_Be_Strongest!_2.sp
tests/failures/demos/002_Be_Strongest!_3.sp
tests/failures/demos/003 For Geoo89 PMB.sp
tests/failures/demos/003 Streets of Australia.sp
tests/failures/demos/003_Falling_Orange.sp
tests/failures/demos/004 Labyrinth.sp
tests/failures/demos/005 Surviving is everything.sp
tests/failures/demos/005_The_Wild_Goose_Chase-modified.sp
tests/failures/demos/006 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/008 Run for life  (updated).sp
tests/failures/demos/009 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/00s----0.sp
tests/failures/demos/010 Mine sweeper.sp
tests/failures/demos/011 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/012 Brand way out.sp
tests/failures/demos/013 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/015 Raceway 1.sp
tests/failures/demos/016 Raceway 2.sp
tests/failures/demos/017 Raceway 3.sp
tests/failures/demos/017.Small_demo_supplement.sp
tests/failures/demos/018 Raceway 4.sp
tests/failures/demos/019 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/020 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/021 be careful!.sp
tests/failures/demos/022 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/023 untitled.sp
tests/failures/demos/024 Explosion!.sp
tests/failures/demos/026 --------- ONE ---------.sp
tests/failures/demos/038.SIM_Mirek(1).sp
tests/failures/demos/039.MSz.sp
tests/failures/demos/042a-failed-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/042a_constrattempt.sp
tests/failures/demos/1-10.sp
tests/failures/demos/1.sp
tests/failures/demos/106 - Questionable ethics_AnotherStart.sp
tests/failures/demos/107best.sp
tests/failures/demos/110h-Z-d.sp
tests/failures/demos/11s008-0.sp
tests/failures/demos/11s015-0.sp
tests/failures/demos/12s111failed.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame1.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame157.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame2.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame239.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame3.sp
tests/failures/demos/2-frame4.sp
tests/failures/demos/2.sp
tests/failures/demos/23.MSz.BEST.sp
tests/failures/demos/24s008-lafiesta.sp
tests/failures/demos/2T(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/failures/demos/2a-Demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/2hard4u(failed).sp
tests/failures/demos/32s017-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/32s085-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/32s105_grav-box.sp
tests/failures/demos/33s041_zonks.sp
tests/failures/demos/4701-simple-levels-simple092.sp
tests/failures/demos/4702-martin-moritas-levels-mn02-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4703-martin-moritas-levels-mn03-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4704-martin-moritas-levels-mn04-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4705-martin-moritas-levels-mn05-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4706-martin-moritas-levels-mn06-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4707-martin-moritas-levels-mn07-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4708-martin-moritas-levels-mn08-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4709-martin-moritas-levels-mn09-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4710-martin-moritas-levels-mn10-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4711-martin-moritas-levels-mn11-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4712-martin-moritas-levels-mn12-sol-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/4713-simple-levels-sim92sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/4714-simple-levels-simple092-2-.sp
tests/failures/demos/57.MIN_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/failures/demos/67s110-7th&8th&9th&maybe_last_false.sp
tests/failures/demos/77s021_note.sp
tests/failures/demos/78s108-lafiesta.sp
tests/failures/demos/89s005_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/ATOMIC CHOICE.sp
tests/failures/demos/Ammo.sp
tests/failures/demos/BEST-032.sp
tests/failures/demos/Basic_Stuff_5x5.sp
tests/failures/demos/Be Carefull !.sp
tests/failures/demos/CELLrip.sp
tests/failures/demos/DZsupple.sp
tests/failures/demos/Demo_SZ.sp
tests/failures/demos/DwS_failed.sp
tests/failures/demos/ESM_firsttry.sp
tests/failures/demos/ETUD demos.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI2.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI4-Z-d.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI4.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI5.sp
tests/failures/demos/FI6.sp
tests/failures/demos/Finish_012_for_GEORG(ERROR)-baddemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/For_all_008.sp
tests/failures/demos/For_all_026[4]-baddemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/GOOD LUCK!.sp
tests/failures/demos/GRhopR_almost_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Half-zonk2.sp
tests/failures/demos/HeV.sp
tests/failures/demos/Hidetrik.sp
tests/failures/demos/Hrdlvl(2)-detail-demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/I WISH.sp
tests/failures/demos/Kikka! Kikka!.sp
tests/failures/demos/L55PMP.sp
tests/failures/demos/LeGNew2.sp
tests/failures/demos/Level025-DemoBAD.sp
tests/failures/demos/Level025.sp
tests/failures/demos/Level025_4scissorpart.sp
tests/failures/demos/Level11_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/failures/demos/Level14_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/failures/demos/MSA2-failed 2.sp
tests/failures/demos/Maxi Hard 1 My Best.sp
tests/failures/demos/Midi Hard 9.sp
tests/failures/demos/Mini Hard 13 my best.sp
tests/failures/demos/Mini Hard.MSz.29.sp
tests/failures/demos/Mini Hard.MSz.30.sp
tests/failures/demos/MiniHard40.sp
tests/failures/demos/MiniHard53.sp
tests/failures/demos/Move on the sounds!!.sp
tests/failures/demos/NG.sp
tests/failures/demos/NG2.sp
tests/failures/demos/Newbran2-chpart_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Newlevel_Fdemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/Newlevel_nsol(-2).sp
tests/failures/demos/NoRest(2)mybestideas.sp
tests/failures/demos/OM.sp
tests/failures/demos/Only 110.sp
tests/failures/demos/Only 110H.sp
tests/failures/demos/PM44.trial.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE3_sci.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE5_sci.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE6_MB.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE6_sci.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE8_sub-demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/PREPARE8_sub-sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Run.sp
tests/failures/demos/Scissors Gone Bad_start.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple022_S.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple022_see-why.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple026-bad-demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple026-bad-demo2.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple026_trick.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple027 PM Sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple051_sksol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple054.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple077.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple081.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple098(B)_idea.sp
tests/failures/demos/Simple100_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Small_017_for_SORKA.sp
tests/failures/demos/Small_018_for_ANDRUS_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/Small_046[4]-baddemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/Some12h_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/Supaplex.sp
tests/failures/demos/T.sp
tests/failures/demos/T2.sp
tests/failures/demos/T3-baddemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/T4.sp
tests/failures/demos/T5.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTB-start.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTB-start2.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTB3.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTB4.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTB_wrongdemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/TBONTBmb.sp
tests/failures/demos/THE RED ZONE.sp
tests/failures/demos/TTI.sp
tests/failures/demos/Take_Order_Demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/Tasja-BadDemo-1.sp
tests/failures/demos/Tasja-segment_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/Tasja1.sp
tests/failures/demos/Tcnq-02-Playingbad.sp
tests/failures/demos/Tcnq-02_proof.sp
tests/failures/demos/Timerunner different.sp
tests/failures/demos/Timing(1).sp
tests/failures/demos/Timing(4).sp
tests/failures/demos/Why.sp
tests/failures/demos/[3.2]Small_040_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/[3]_Small_037_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/[4]Small_025_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/[4]_Small_035.sp
tests/failures/demos/agorafobia-possible.sp
tests/failures/demos/agorafobia_baddemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/agorafobia_cpsol.sp
tests/failures/demos/back_and_forth(1).sp
tests/failures/demos/back_and_forth(2).sp
tests/failures/demos/back_and_forth(3).sp
tests/failures/demos/best.sp
tests/failures/demos/brainman_LastPartDifferent.sp
tests/failures/demos/catchelectron.sp
tests/failures/demos/cheat1.sp
tests/failures/demos/criscros_MB_PMS.sp
tests/failures/demos/demo-continueyour_23MSzBEST.sp
tests/failures/demos/demo-level(1).sp
tests/failures/demos/demo-level(2).sp
tests/failures/demos/demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/demo1demo.sp
tests/failures/demos/electron.sp
tests/failures/demos/expthink_DoYouMeanThis.sp
tests/failures/demos/expthink_first-part.sp
tests/failures/demos/extrael2_HS.sp
tests/failures/demos/frdemo-1.sp
tests/failures/demos/frdemo-2.sp
tests/failures/demos/gb65.sp
tests/failures/demos/half-zonk(demo).sp
tests/failures/demos/hardgam4_Missing_2.sp
tests/failures/demos/hfk.sp
tests/failures/demos/idea.sp
tests/failures/demos/ironcross_supplement-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/is_it_possible.sp
tests/failures/demos/ivv_p2.sp
tests/failures/demos/ivv_p3.sp
tests/failures/demos/kc1st-kc.sp
tests/failures/demos/level 15 solution.sp
tests/failures/demos/magic_F.sp
tests/failures/demos/maxihard1backdoorwithoutfinish.sp
tests/failures/demos/maybeNewTrick.sp
tests/failures/demos/maybeNewTrick2.sp
tests/failures/demos/mechani3_MB.sp
tests/failures/demos/mechdisk.sp
tests/failures/demos/mechtime.sp
tests/failures/demos/mind.sp
tests/failures/demos/moreTiming%282%29.sp
tests/failures/demos/moreTiming%283%29.sp
tests/failures/demos/moreTiming.sp
tests/failures/demos/mylevel%282%29_partD.sp
tests/failures/demos/new levels 2.sp
tests/failures/demos/new109.sp
tests/failures/demos/new6.sp
tests/failures/demos/nine(ty)_beginning only without any trick.sp
tests/failures/demos/normalga_Partial.sp
tests/failures/demos/onestone.sp
tests/failures/demos/orig94v2.sp
tests/failures/demos/sadism_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/salo.sp
tests/failures/demos/seehow(2)_BADdemo.sp
tests/failures/demos/sintit_psol.sp
tests/failures/demos/sixdoz.sp
tests/failures/demos/smal55+_my-best.sp
tests/failures/demos/snikdodg.sp
tests/failures/demos/some12(h)-mybest.sp
tests/failures/demos/strange.sp
tests/failures/demos/supaplex-mnmsol109.sp
tests/failures/demos/task001_sol.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick1.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick10.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick11.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick13.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick14.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick15.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick16.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick20.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick21.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick22.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick24.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick25.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick26.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick27.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick28.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick29.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick3.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick33.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick4.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick5.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick6.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick7.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick8.sp
tests/failures/demos/trick9.sp
tests/failures/demos/what's_right(3)-failed-1.sp
tests/failures/demos/what's_right(3)-failed.sp
tests/failures/demos/what's_right(3).sp
tests/failures/demos/whateverzzz.sp
tests/failures/demos/whuteba.sp
tests/failures/demos/whuteba2.sp
tests/failures/demos/whuteba3.sp
tests/failures/demos/why2.sp
tests/failures/demos/why3.sp
tests/failures/demos/why4.sp
tests/failures/demos/yellow_part.sp
tests/failures/demos/you mean 4 more-demo.sp
tests/failures/solve09/09s024.sp
tests/failures/solve09/09s039.SP
tests/failures/solve27/27s093--.SP
tests/failures/solve27/27s104--.SP
tests/failures/solve27/27s107--.SP
tests/failures/solve92/92s014-0.sp
tests/failures/solve92/92s052-1.sp
tests/failures/solve98/98S012-1.SP
tests/run-tests.rb
tests/solves/00/00s001-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s001-j.sp
tests/solves/00/00s001-k.sp
tests/solves/00/00s002-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s002-f.sp
tests/solves/00/00s002-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s003-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s003-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s003-i.sp
tests/solves/00/00s004-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s004-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s004-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s005-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s005-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s005-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s006-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s006-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s006-i.sp
tests/solves/00/00s007-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s007-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s007-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s007-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s008-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s008-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s008-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s009-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s009-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s009-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s010-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s010-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s010-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s010-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s011-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s011-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s011-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s012-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s012-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s012-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s013-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s013-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s013-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s014-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s014-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s014-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s014-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s015-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s015-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s015-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s016-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s016-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s016-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s017-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s017-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s017-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s018-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s018-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s018-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s019-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s019-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s019-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s020-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s020-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s020-f.sp
tests/solves/00/00s020-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s021-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s021-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s021-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s022-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s022-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s022-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s023-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s023-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s023-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s024-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s024-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s024-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s024-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s025-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s025-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s025-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s026-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s026-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s026-i.sp
tests/solves/00/00s027-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s027-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s027-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s028-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s028-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s028-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s029-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s029-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s029-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s030-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s030-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s030-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s031-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s031-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s031-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s032-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s032-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s032-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s033-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s033-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s033-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s034-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s034-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s034-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s035-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s035-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s035-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s036-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s036-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s036-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s036-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s037-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s037-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s037-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s038-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s038-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s038-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s039-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s039-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s039-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s040-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s040-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s040-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s041-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s041-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s041-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s041-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s042-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s042-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s042-i.sp
tests/solves/00/00s043-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s043-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s043-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s044-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s044-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s044-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s044-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s045-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s045-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s045-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s046-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s046-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s047-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s047-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s047-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s048-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s048-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s048-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s049-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s049-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s049-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s050-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s050-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s050-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s051-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s051-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s051-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s052-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s052-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s052-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s053-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s053-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s053-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s054-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s054-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s054-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s054-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s055-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s055-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s055-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s056-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s056-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s056-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s057-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s057-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s057-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s058-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s058-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s059-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s059-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s059-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s059-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s060-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s060-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s060-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s061-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s061-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s061-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s062-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s062-g.sp
tests/solves/00/00s062-h.sp
tests/solves/00/00s063-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s063-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s063-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s064-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s064-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s064-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s065-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s065-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s065-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s066-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s066-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s067-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s067-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s067-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s068-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s068-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s068-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s069-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s069-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s069-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s069-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s070-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s070-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s071-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s071-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s071-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s072-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s072-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s072-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s073-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s073-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s073-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s074-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s074-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s074-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s074-f.sp
tests/solves/00/00s075-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s075-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s076-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s076-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s076-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s077-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s077-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s077-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s078-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s078-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s078-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s079-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s079-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s080-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s080-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s080-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s081-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s081-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s082-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s082-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s082-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s083-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s083-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s083-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s084-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s084-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s084-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s085-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s085-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s086-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s086-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s087-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s087-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s087-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s088-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s088-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s088-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s089-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s089-c.sp
tests/solves/00/00s089-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s089-f.sp
tests/solves/00/00s090-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s090-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s090-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s091-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s091-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s091-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s092-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s092-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s093-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s093-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s093-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s094-f.sp
tests/solves/00/00s094-j.sp
tests/solves/00/00s094-k.sp
tests/solves/00/00s095-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s095-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s096-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s096-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s096-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s096-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s097-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s097-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s098-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s098-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s099-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s099-b.sp
tests/solves/00/00s099-d.sp
tests/solves/00/00s099-e.sp
tests/solves/00/00s100-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s100-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s100-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s100-a.sp
tests/solves/00/00s101-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s101-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s101-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s102-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s102-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s102-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s103-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s103-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s103-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s104-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s104-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s105-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s105-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s106-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s106-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s107-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s107-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s107-3.sp
tests/solves/00/00s108-4.sp
tests/solves/00/00s108-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s108-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s109-2.sp
tests/solves/00/00s109-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s109-8.sp
tests/solves/00/00s109-9.sp
tests/solves/00/00s110-5.sp
tests/solves/00/00s110-6.sp
tests/solves/00/00s110-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s111-1.sp
tests/solves/00/00s111-7.sp
tests/solves/00/00s111-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s001-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s001-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s001-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s002-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s002-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s002-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s002-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s003-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s003-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s003-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s004-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s004-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s004-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s005-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s005-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s005-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s005-e.sp
tests/solves/01/01s006-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s006-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s006-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s007-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s007-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s007-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s008-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s008-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s008-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s009-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s010-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s010-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s011-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s011-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s012-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s013-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s013-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s013-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s014-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s014-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s014-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s015-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s015-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s016-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s017-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s017-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s018-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s018-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s018-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s019-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s019-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s020-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s020-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s020-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s021-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s021-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s021-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s021-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s021-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s022-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s022-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s022-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s022-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s023-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s023-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s023-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s023-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s024-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s024-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s024-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s025-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s025-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s025-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s025-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s026-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s026-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s026-d.sp
tests/solves/01/01s027-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s027-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s027-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s028-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s028-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s029-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s029-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s029-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s029-d.sp
tests/solves/01/01s030-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s030-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s030-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s031-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s031-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s031-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s032-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s032-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s032-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s032-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s033-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s033-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s033-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s034-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s034-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s034-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s034-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s035-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s035-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s035-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s036-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s036-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s036-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s037-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s037-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s037-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s037-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s038-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s038-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s038-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s039-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s039-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s039-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s040-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s040-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s040-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s041-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s041-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s041-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s042-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s042-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s042-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s043-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s043-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s043-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s044-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s044-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s044-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s045-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s045-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s046-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s046-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s046-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s047-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s047-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s047-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s048-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s048-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s048-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s049-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s049-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s049-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s050-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s050-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s050-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s051-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s051-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s051-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s052-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s052-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s052-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s052-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s052-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s053-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s053-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s053-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s054-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s054-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s054-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s054-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s055-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s055-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s055-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s055-d.sp
tests/solves/01/01s056-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s056-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s056-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s056-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s056-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s057-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s057-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s057-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s058-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s058-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s058-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s059-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s059-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s059-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s059-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s060-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s060-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s060-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s061-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s061-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s061-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s062-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s062-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s062-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s062-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s063-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s063-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s063-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s064-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s064-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s065-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s065-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s065-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s066-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s066-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s066-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s067-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s067-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s067-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s068-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s068-b.sp
tests/solves/01/01s068-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s069-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s069-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s069-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s069-d.sp
tests/solves/01/01s070-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s070-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s071-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s071-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s071-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s072-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s072-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s072-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s073-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s073-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s074-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s074-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s074-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s075-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s075-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s075-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s076-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s076-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s076-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s077-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s077-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s077-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s078-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s078-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s078-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s079-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s079-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s080-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s080-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s080-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s081-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s081-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s082-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s082-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s082-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s082-e.sp
tests/solves/01/01s083-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s083-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s083-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s084-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s084-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s084-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s084-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s084-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s085-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s085-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s085-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s086-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s086-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s086-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s086-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s087-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s087-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s087-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s088-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s088-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s088-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s088-a.sp
tests/solves/01/01s089-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s089-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s089-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s090-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s090-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s090-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s091-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s091-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s091-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s091-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s092-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s092-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s092-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s093-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s093-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s093-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s094-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s094-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s094-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s095-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s095-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s095-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s096-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s096-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s096-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s096-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s096-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s097-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s097-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s098-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s098-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s099-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s099-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s099-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s100-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s100-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s100-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s101-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s101-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s102-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s102-6.sp
tests/solves/01/01s103-7.sp
tests/solves/01/01s103-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s103-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s104-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s104-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s104-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s105-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s106-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s106-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s107-8.sp
tests/solves/01/01s107-9.sp
tests/solves/01/01s107-c.sp
tests/solves/01/01s108-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s108-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s108-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s109-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s109-4.sp
tests/solves/01/01s109-5.sp
tests/solves/01/01s110-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s110-2.sp
tests/solves/01/01s110-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s111-1.sp
tests/solves/01/01s111-3.sp
tests/solves/01/01s111-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s069-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s069-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s069-4.sp
tests/solves/02/02s070-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s070-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s071-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s071-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s072-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s072-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s073-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s073-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s073-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s074-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s074-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s074-4.sp
tests/solves/02/02s075-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s075-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s075-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s076-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s076-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s076-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s077-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s077-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s077-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s078-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s078-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s078-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s079-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s079-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s079-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s080-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s080-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s080-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s080-9.sp
tests/solves/02/02s081-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s081-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s081-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s082-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s082-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s082-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s083-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s083-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s083-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s084-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s084-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s084-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s085-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s085-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s085-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s086-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s086-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s086-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s087-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s087-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s087-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s088-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s088-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s088-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s089-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s089-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s090-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s090-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s091-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s091-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s092-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s092-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s093-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s093-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s094-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s094-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s095-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s095-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s096-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s097-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s097-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s097-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s098-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s098-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s099-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s099-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s099-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s100-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s100-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s100-8.sp
tests/solves/02/02s101-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s101-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s101-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s102-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s102-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s102-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s103-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s103-4.sp
tests/solves/02/02s104-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s104-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s104-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s105-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s105-5.sp
tests/solves/02/02s105-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s106-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s106-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s107-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s107-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s107-4.sp
tests/solves/02/02s108-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s108-2.sp
tests/solves/02/02s108-4.sp
tests/solves/02/02s109-6.sp
tests/solves/02/02s109-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s110-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s110-3.sp
tests/solves/02/02s111-1.sp
tests/solves/02/02s111-7.sp
tests/solves/02/02s111-8.sp
tests/solves/03/03s001-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s001-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s001-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s002-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s002-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s002-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s003-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s003-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s003-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s004-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s004-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s005-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s005-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s005-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s006-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s006-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s006-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s007-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s007-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s007-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s008-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s008-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s008-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s009-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s009-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s009-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s010-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s010-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s010-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s011-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s011-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s012-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s012-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s012-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s012-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s013-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s013-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s013-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s013-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s014-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s014-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s014-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s014-8.sp
tests/solves/03/03s015-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s015-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s016-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s016-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s016-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s017-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s017-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s018-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s018-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s019-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s019-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s019-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s020-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s020-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s021-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s021-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s021-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s021-8.sp
tests/solves/03/03s022-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s022-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s022-a.sp
tests/solves/03/03s022-b.sp
tests/solves/03/03s022-c.sp
tests/solves/03/03s023-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s023-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s024-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s024-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s024-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s025-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s025-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s026-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s026-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s027-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s027-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s028-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s028-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s029-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s029-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s030-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s030-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s031-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s031-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s032-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s032-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s033-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s033-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s034-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s034-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s035-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s035-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s036-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s036-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s037-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s037-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s038-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s038-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s039-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s039-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s039-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s040-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s040-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s040-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s040-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s041-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s041-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s041-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s041-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s042-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s042-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s042-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s042-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s043-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s043-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s043-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s044-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s044-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s044-7.sp
tests/solves/03/03s044-8.sp
tests/solves/03/03s045-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s045-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s045-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s046-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s046-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s046-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s047-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s047-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s048-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s048-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s049-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s049-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s049-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s049-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s050-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s050-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s051-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s051-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s051-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s052-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s052-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s053-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s053-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s054-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s054-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s054-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s055-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s055-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s055-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s056-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s056-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s057-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s057-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s057-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s058-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s058-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s058-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s058-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s059-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s059-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s059-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s060-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s060-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s061-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s063-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s063-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s063-4.sp
tests/solves/03/03s064-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s064-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s064-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s065-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s065-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s065-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s066-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s066-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s066-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s067-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s067-5.sp
tests/solves/03/03s067-6.sp
tests/solves/03/03s068-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s068-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s069-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s069-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s070-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s070-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s071-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s071-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s072-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s072-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s073-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s073-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s073-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s074-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s074-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s075-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s075-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s076-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s076-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s077-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s077-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s078-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s078-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s079-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s079-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s080-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s080-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s081-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s081-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s082-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s082-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s083-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s083-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s084-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s084-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s085-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s086-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s087-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s088-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s089-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s090-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s091-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s092-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s093-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s093-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s094-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s094-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s095-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s095-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s096-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s096-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s097-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s097-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s098-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s098-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s099-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s099-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s100-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s100-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s101-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s101-3.sp
tests/solves/03/03s102-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s102-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s103-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s103-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s104-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s104-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s105-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s105-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s106-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s106-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s107-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s108-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s108-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s109-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s109-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s110-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s110-2.sp
tests/solves/03/03s111-1.sp
tests/solves/03/03s111-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s001-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s001-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s001-8.sp
tests/solves/04/04s002-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s002-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s002-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s003-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s003-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s003-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s004-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s004-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s005-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s005-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s005-8.sp
tests/solves/04/04s006-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s006-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s006-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s007-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s007-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s007-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s008-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s008-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s009-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s009-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s010-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s010-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s010-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s011-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s011-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s012-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s012-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s012-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s013-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s013-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s014-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s014-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s014-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s015-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s015-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s016-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s016-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s016-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s017-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s017-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s018-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s018-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s018-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s019-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s019-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s019-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s020-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s020-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s021-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s021-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s022-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s022-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s023-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s023-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s024-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s024-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s025-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s025-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s026-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s026-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s027-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s027-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s028-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s028-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s029-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s029-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s030-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s030-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s030-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s031-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s031-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s032-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s032-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s033-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s033-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s034-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s034-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s035-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s035-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s035-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s036-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s036-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s037-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s037-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s038-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s038-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s038-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s039-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s039-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s039-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s040-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s040-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s041-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s041-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s041-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s042-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s042-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s042-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s043-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s043-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s044-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s044-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s045-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s045-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s045-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s046-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s046-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s046-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s047-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s047-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s048-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s048-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s049-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s049-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s050-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s050-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s050-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s051-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s051-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s051-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s052-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s052-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s053-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s053-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s053-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s054-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s054-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s055-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s055-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s056-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s056-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s057-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s057-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s058-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s058-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s058-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s059-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s059-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s059-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s060-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s060-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s060-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s061-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s061-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s061-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s062-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s062-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s062-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s063-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s063-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s064-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s064-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s065-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s065-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s065-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s066-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s066-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s067-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s067-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s068-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s068-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s069-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s069-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s070-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s070-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s070-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s071-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s071-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s071-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s072-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s072-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s073-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s073-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s073-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s074-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s074-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s074-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s075-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s075-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s075-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s076-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s076-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s076-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s077-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s077-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s077-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s078-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s078-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s078-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s079-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s079-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s080-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s080-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s080-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s081-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s081-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s082-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s082-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s082-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s083-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s083-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s083-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s084-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s084-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s084-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s084-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s085-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s085-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s086-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s086-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s087-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s087-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s087-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s088-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s088-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s088-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s089-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s089-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s089-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s090-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s090-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s090-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s091-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s091-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s091-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s092-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s092-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s092-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s093-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s093-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s093-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s094-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s094-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s095-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s095-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s096-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s096-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s096-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s097-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s097-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s098-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s098-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s098-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s099-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s099-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s099-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s100-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s100-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s100-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s101-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s101-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s101-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s102-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s102-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s103-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s103-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s103-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s104-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s104-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s104-7.sp
tests/solves/04/04s105-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s105-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s106-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s106-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s107-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s107-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s107-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s108-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s108-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s108-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s109-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s109-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s109-5.sp
tests/solves/04/04s110-2.sp
tests/solves/04/04s110-4.sp
tests/solves/04/04s110-6.sp
tests/solves/04/04s111-1.sp
tests/solves/04/04s111-3.sp
tests/solves/04/04s111-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s001-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s001-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s001-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s002-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s002-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s002-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s003-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s003-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s003-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s004-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s004-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s004-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s005-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s005-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s005-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s006-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s006-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s006-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s007-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s007-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s007-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s008-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s008-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s008-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s009-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s009-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s009-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s010-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s010-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s010-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s011-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s011-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s011-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s012-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s012-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s012-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s013-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s013-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s013-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s014-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s014-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s014-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s015-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s015-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s015-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s016-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s016-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s016-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s017-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s017-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s017-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s018-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s018-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s018-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s019-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s019-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s019-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s020-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s020-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s020-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s021-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s021-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s021-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s022-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s022-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s023-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s023-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s023-6.sp
tests/solves/05/05s024-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s024-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s024-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s025-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s025-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s026-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s026-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s026-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s027-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s027-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s028-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s028-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s028-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s029-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s029-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s029-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s030-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s030-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s030-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s031-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s031-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s031-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s032-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s032-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s032-6.sp
tests/solves/05/05s033-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s033-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s033-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s034-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s034-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s035-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s035-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s035-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s036-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s036-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s036-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s037-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s037-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s037-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s038-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s038-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s038-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s039-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s039-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s039-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s040-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s040-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s040-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s041-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s041-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s041-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s042-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s042-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s042-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s043-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s043-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s043-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s044-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s044-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s044-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s045-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s045-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s045-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s046-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s046-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s046-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s047-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s047-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s047-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s048-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s048-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s048-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s049-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s049-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s049-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s050-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s050-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s050-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s051-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s051-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s051-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s052-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s052-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s052-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s053-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s053-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s053-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s054-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s054-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s054-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s055-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s055-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s055-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s056-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s056-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s056-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s057-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s057-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s057-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s058-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s058-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s058-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s059-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s059-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s059-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s060-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s060-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s060-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s061-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s061-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s061-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s062-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s062-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s062-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s063-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s063-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s063-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s064-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s064-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s065-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s065-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s065-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s066-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s066-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s066-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s067-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s067-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s067-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s068-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s068-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s068-6.sp
tests/solves/05/05s069-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s069-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s069-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s070-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s070-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s070-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s071-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s071-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s071-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s072-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s072-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s072-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s073-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s073-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s073-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s074-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s074-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s074-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s075-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s075-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s075-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s076-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s076-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s076-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s077-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s077-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s077-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s078-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s078-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s078-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s079-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s079-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s079-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s080-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s080-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s080-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s081-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s081-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s081-5.sp
tests/solves/05/05s082-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s082-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s083-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s083-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s083-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s084-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s084-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s084-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s085-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s085-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s085-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s086-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s086-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s087-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s087-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s087-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s088-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s088-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s088-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s089-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s089-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s089-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s090-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s090-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s090-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s091-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s091-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s091-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s092-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s092-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s092-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s093-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s093-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s093-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s094-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s094-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s094-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s095-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s095-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s095-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s096-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s096-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s096-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s097-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s097-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s097-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s098-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s098-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s098-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s099-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s099-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s099-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s100-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s100-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s100-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s101-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s101-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s101-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s102-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s102-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s102-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s103-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s103-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s103-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s104-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s104-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s104-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s105-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s105-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s105-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s106-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s106-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s106-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s107-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s107-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s107-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s108-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s108-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s108-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s109-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s109-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s109-4.sp
tests/solves/05/05s110-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s110-2.sp
tests/solves/05/05s110-3.sp
tests/solves/05/05s111-1.sp
tests/solves/05/05s111-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s001-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s001-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s001-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s002-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s002-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s002-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s003-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s003-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s003-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s004-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s004-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s004-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s005-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s005-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s005-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s006-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s006-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s006-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s007-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s007-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s007-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s008-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s008-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s008-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s009-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s009-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s009-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s010-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s010-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s010-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s011-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s011-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s011-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s012-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s012-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s012-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s013-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s013-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s013-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s014-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s014-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s014-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s015-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s015-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s015-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s016-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s016-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s016-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s017-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s017-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s017-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s018-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s018-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s018-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s019-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s019-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s019-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s020-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s020-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s020-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s021-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s021-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s021-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s022-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s022-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s022-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s023-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s023-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s023-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s024-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s024-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s024-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s025-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s025-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s025-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s026-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s026-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s026-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s027-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s027-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s027-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s028-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s028-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s028-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s029-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s029-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s029-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s030-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s030-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s030-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s031-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s031-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s031-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s032-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s032-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s032-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s033-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s033-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s033-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s034-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s034-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s034-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s035-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s035-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s035-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s036-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s036-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s036-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s037-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s037-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s037-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s038-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s038-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s038-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s039-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s039-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s039-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s040-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s040-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s040-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s041-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s041-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s041-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s042-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s042-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s042-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s043-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s043-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s043-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s044-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s044-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s044-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s045-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s045-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s045-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s046-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s046-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s046-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s047-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s047-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s047-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s048-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s048-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s048-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s049-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s049-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s049-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s050-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s050-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s050-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s051-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s051-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s051-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s052-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s052-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s052-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s053-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s053-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s053-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s054-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s054-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s054-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s055-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s055-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s055-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s056-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s056-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s056-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s057-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s057-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s057-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s058-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s058-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s058-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s059-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s059-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s059-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s060-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s060-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s060-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s061-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s061-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s061-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s062-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s062-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s062-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s063-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s063-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s063-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s064-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s064-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s064-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s065-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s065-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s065-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s066-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s066-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s066-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s067-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s067-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s067-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s068-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s068-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s068-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s069-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s069-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s069-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s070-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s070-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s070-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s071-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s071-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s071-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s072-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s072-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s072-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s073-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s073-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s073-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s074-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s074-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s074-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s075-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s075-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s075-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s076-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s076-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s076-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s077-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s077-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s077-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s078-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s078-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s078-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s079-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s079-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s079-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s080-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s080-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s080-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s081-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s081-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s081-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s082-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s082-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s082-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s083-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s083-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s083-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s084-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s084-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s084-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s085-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s085-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s085-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s086-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s086-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s086-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s087-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s087-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s087-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s088-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s088-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s088-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s089-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s089-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s089-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s090-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s090-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s090-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s091-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s091-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s091-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s092-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s092-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s092-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s093-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s093-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s093-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s094-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s094-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s094-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s095-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s095-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s095-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s096-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s096-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s096-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s097-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s097-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s097-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s098-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s098-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s098-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s099-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s099-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s099-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s100-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s100-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s100-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s101-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s101-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s101-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s102-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s102-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s102-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s103-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s103-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s103-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s104-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s104-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s104-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s105-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s105-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s105-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s106-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s106-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s106-4.sp
tests/solves/06/06s107-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s107-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s107-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s108-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s108-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s108-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s109-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s109-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s109-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s110-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s110-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s110-3.sp
tests/solves/06/06s111-1.sp
tests/solves/06/06s111-2.sp
tests/solves/06/06s111-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s001-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s001-5.sp
tests/solves/07/07s001-6.sp
tests/solves/07/07s001-7.sp
tests/solves/07/07s002-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s002-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s002-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s002-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s003-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s003-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s004-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s004-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s004-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s005-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s005-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s005-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s006-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s006-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s007-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s007-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s007-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s008-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s008-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s008-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s009-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s009-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s010-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s010-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s010-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s011-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s011-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s012-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s012-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s012-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s013-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s013-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s013-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s014-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s014-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s014-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s015-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s015-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s015-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s016-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s016-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s016-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s017-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s017-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s017-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s018-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s019-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s019-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s019-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s020-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s020-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s021-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s021-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s021-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s022-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s022-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s022-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s023-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s023-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s024-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s024-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s024-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s025-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s025-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s025-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s026-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s026-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s026-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s027-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s027-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s027-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s028-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s028-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s029-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s029-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s030-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s031-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s031-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s031-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s032-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s032-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s032-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s033-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s033-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s034-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s034-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s034-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s035-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s035-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s036-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s036-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s037-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s037-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s037-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s038-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s038-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s039-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s039-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s040-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s040-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s041-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s041-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s042-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s042-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s043-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s044-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s044-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s045-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s045-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s046-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s047-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s047-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s047-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s048-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s048-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s048-4.sp
tests/solves/07/07s049-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s050-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s050-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s051-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s051-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s052-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s052-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s053-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s053-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s054-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s055-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s055-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s056-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s056-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s057-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s058-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s058-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s058-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s059-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s060-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s060-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s061-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s062-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s062-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s062-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s063-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s064-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s065-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s065-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s066-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s066-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s067-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s067-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s067-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s068-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s068-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s069-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s069-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s070-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s070-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s071-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s071-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s072-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s072-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s073-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s073-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s073-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s074-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s075-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s075-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s075-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s076-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s077-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s077-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s078-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s078-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s079-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s080-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s080-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s081-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s081-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s081-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s082-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s082-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s083-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s084-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s085-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s085-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s086-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s086-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s087-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s087-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s088-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s089-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s089-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s090-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s091-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s091-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s092-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s092-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s093-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s093-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s094-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s094-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s095-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s095-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s095-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s096-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s097-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s097-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s098-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s098-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s099-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s099-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s099-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s100-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s100-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s101-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s101-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s101-3.sp
tests/solves/07/07s102-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s103-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s104-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s105-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s105-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s106-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s106-2.sp
tests/solves/07/07s107-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s108-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s109-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s110-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s111-1.sp
tests/solves/07/07s111-2.sp
tests/solves/1/JENS0001.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0002.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0003.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0004.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0005.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0006.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0007.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0008.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0009.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0010.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0011.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0012.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0013.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0014.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0015.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0018.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0019.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0020.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0022.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0023.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0024.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0025.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0026.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0030.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0033.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0034.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0035.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0036.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0037.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0038.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0039.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0041.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0042.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0044.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0048.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0049.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0053.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0054.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0055.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0059.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0060.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0062.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0064.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0065.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0071.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0074.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0080.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0082.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0084.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0085.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0087.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0089.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0091.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0093.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0094.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0096.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0099.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0100.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0101.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0102.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0103.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0108.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0109.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0110.SP
tests/solves/1/JENS0111.SP
tests/solves/demos/%3Dtest%3D%20solution.sp
tests/solves/demos/%5B01%5D_Zjeraar%27s_GrassHopper_DeMirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/%BB%20%AB%20INFOTRONS%20%BB%20%AB%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/+++Small_023-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/++Small_022-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/+Small_021-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/+Trick01.sp
tests/solves/demos/+Trick03.sp
tests/solves/demos/+Trick04.sp
tests/solves/demos/-1.Credito Tammeke_solcat+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-01-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-02-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-03-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-03-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-04-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/0-05-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/001 ------- WARM UP -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/001-digger!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/001.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/001_CBD_03.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/001_Turn_them_Around_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/002 -------- EXIT! --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/002 Easy one 2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/002 Easy one-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/002-gas chamber-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/002-gas chamber-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/002.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/002_Be_Strongest!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/002_Be_Strongest!-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/002_Be_Strongest!_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/002_Beginner's Luck-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/002_CBD_00-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/002cell1-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/003 ------ STONE-AGE ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/003 Small.sp
tests/solves/demos/003-insertion point-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/003.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/003_CBD_00-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/003_Falling_Orange_DemoHP.sp
tests/solves/demos/003_Falling_Orange_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/003_Keep Them Alive!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/004 ------ COLLECTOR ------ Ate every eatable thing.sp
tests/solves/demos/004-carpet bomb-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/004.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/004_Thinking_Involved!-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/004_Thinking_Involved!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/004_Umbrella_Recommended!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/005 ------ EASY DEAL ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/005-the flow of time-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/005-the flow of time-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/005...2.Small.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/005.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/005[1].MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/005_The_Wild_Goose_Chase(6)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/005_The_Wild_Goose_Chase(7)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/005_The_Wild_Goose_Chase-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/006 --- DOWN THEY FALL! --- Only one base not eaten!.sp
tests/solves/demos/006-no big deal-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/006.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/006Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/006_Room_15_Please!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/007 ----- GO THROUGH!! ----- Ate every possible base.sp
tests/solves/demos/007 Schumi - be faster.sp
tests/solves/demos/007-alleyway-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/007-alleyway-Demo0.sp
tests/solves/demos/007.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/007Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/007_Catchy Jingles-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/008 --- GET THOSE TOO! --- Ate everything.sp
tests/solves/demos/008-arquebusier-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/008.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/009 ------ BUG FUNNY ------ How sick is it to eat every crappy base!.sp
tests/solves/demos/009-don't move!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/009.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/009[4]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/009th_D.sp
tests/solves/demos/00S057-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/00S057-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/00S058-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s001-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s015-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s035-Demo+5.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s042mod_geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s063-0.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s067-0.sp
tests/solves/demos/00s110-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/010 - EASY COME, EASY GO! -.sp
tests/solves/demos/010-choose-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/010.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/011 ---- RUN FOR LIFE! ---- my favourite level.sp
tests/solves/demos/011-don't bother-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/011...Small.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/011.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/011sup-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/011sup-leg.sp
tests/solves/demos/012 ----- IGNORE THEM -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/012-back and forth.sp
tests/solves/demos/012.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/012.Small.LAST!!!.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/012.Small.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/012_for_Georg-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/013 ------ ANONYMOUS ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/013-santa maria-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/013.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/013_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/014 ------ FALL OUT! ------ What a VMWare-cheeah.sp
tests/solves/demos/014-Platformer_old-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/014.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/014_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/015 ---- ONE THING ... ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/015-mindfield-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/015.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/015[4]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/016 ----- JUST DO IT! -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/016-piece of cake-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/016.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/016.Ver.A.demo_for_PAULO.sp
tests/solves/demos/016.Ver.B.demo_for_PAULO.sp
tests/solves/demos/016[9]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/017 - Hold it right THERE!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/017 -------- BANG! --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/017-Meltdown-Demo_1.sp
tests/solves/demos/017-meltdown-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/017.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/017.Small_demo_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/017[2]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/018 ------- QUICKY! -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/018-wheel of fortune-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/018-wheel of fortune-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/018.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/018.Small_demo_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/018_------_CORRIDORS_------ Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/019 ----- CRAZY HARRY -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/019-fly-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/019.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s008-Demo4.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s009-DEMO5-plus1Inf-plus1Red.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s009-DEMOA.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s012-DEMO2.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s013-DemoC.sp
tests/solves/demos/01s015-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/020 ----- MINOTAURUS! ----- hard for the first times.sp
tests/solves/demos/020-no kidding-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/020.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/020_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/021 ------- GRAVITY ------- Couldn't feel the gravity.sp
tests/solves/demos/021-OneMustFall-Demo_1.sp
tests/solves/demos/021-OneMustFall-Demo_2.sp
tests/solves/demos/021-OneMustFall-Demo_3.sp
tests/solves/demos/021-one must fall-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/021-one must fall-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/021.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/022 ----- UP AND DOWN -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/022-claustrophobia-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/022.2.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/022.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/0221.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/023 ------ BOMB TIME ------ Two bomb sleft.sp
tests/solves/demos/023-efficiency-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/023.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/024 - 200 MOVING OBJECTS! -.sp
tests/solves/demos/024-defection-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/024.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/024[2]_NLevSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/024[2]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/025 -------- YAWN! --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/025-handle with care!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/025.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/025[4]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/026-rocky valley-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/026.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/026[4]_allSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/026_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/027 ----- ONCE AROUND -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/027.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/028 ------ BABA'S WORK ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/028.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/028.SOL.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/029 --------- TNT --------- my second favourite level.sp
tests/solves/demos/029.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/029_+1_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/029_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s001-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s001-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s001-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s002-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s002-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s003-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s003-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s004-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s004-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s005-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s005-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s006-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s006-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s007-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s007-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s008-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s008-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s008-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s009-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s009-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s010-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s010-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s011-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s011-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s012-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s012-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s013-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s013-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s014-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s014-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s014-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s015-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s015-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s016-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s016-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s016-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s017-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s017-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s018-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s018-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s019-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s019-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s020-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s020-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s020-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s021-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s021-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s021-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s022-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s022-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s023-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s023-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s024-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s024-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s025-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s025-a.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s025-b.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s026-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s026-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s026-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s027-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s027-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s027-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s028-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s028-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s029-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s029-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s030-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s030-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s031-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s031-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s032-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s032-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s032-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s033-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s033-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s034-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s034-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s034-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s035-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s035-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s035-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s036-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s036-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s037-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s037-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s038-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s038-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s039-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s039-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s040-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s040-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s040-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s041-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s041-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s041-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s042-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s042-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s043-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s043-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s043-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s044-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s044-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s045-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s046-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s046-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s047-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s047-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s048-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s048-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s049-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s049-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s050-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s050-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s051-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s051-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s051-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s051-Demo!.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s052-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s052-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s053-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s053-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s054-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s054-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s055-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s055-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s056-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s056-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s057-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s057-5.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s058-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s058-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s059-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s059-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s060-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s060-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s061-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s061-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s061-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s062-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s062-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s062-4.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s062-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s063-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s063-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s063-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s063-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s064-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s064-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s065-6.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s065-7.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s066-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s066-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s067-1.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s067-3.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s067-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s068-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s068-8.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s068-9.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s095-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s095-DemoPlus44.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s096-DemoPlus235.sp
tests/solves/demos/02s097-DemoPlus177.sp
tests/solves/demos/030 ----- NO PROBLEM -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/030.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/031 ---- TIME TO OPEN! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/031-short story-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/031.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/032 ---- EASY BUSINESS ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/032.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/033 -INSIDE-OUTSIDE-INSIDE.sp
tests/solves/demos/033-in the end-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/033.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/034 ----- EASY RIDER! ----- cleared gravity part.sp
tests/solves/demos/034-concentrate-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/034.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/035 ----- NO MIRACLE! ----- but I tried the miracle.sp
tests/solves/demos/035.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/035_SIM_MIREK.sp
tests/solves/demos/036 -------- PUSH! --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/036.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/037 ---- REALLY BORING ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/037.MSz(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/037[3]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/038 ------ BOMBASTIC ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/038.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/038.SIM_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/038_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/039 ------- SIMPLE! -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/03s088-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/040 -- MIND THE STONES ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/040.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/040.SIM_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/040[3]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/041 ----- TIME RUNNER -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/041.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/041[5]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/041_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/042 --- LITTLE PLEASURE ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/042-sewer system-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/042.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/042[3]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/042_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/042a-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/043 --- ANTI-CLOCKWISE! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/043-no repeat-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/043.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/043[2]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/043[3]_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/044 ------ TELEPATHY ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/044-work hard-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/044.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/044.SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/045 ------ EASY WORK ------ not really easy for the first time.sp
tests/solves/demos/045.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/045.SIM_sol+2_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/045[2].SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/045[3][1].SIM_sol+bonus_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/045[4]SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/045[6]SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/046 - Abort-accept-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/046 ---- CHAMBER-MUSIC ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/046.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/046.SIM_sol+bonus_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/046.SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/046[0]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/046_Mini-Problems_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/047 --- LOOKS DIFFICULT ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/047-doomsday clock-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/047.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/047.SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/047[3]_SM[1]-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/048 -- READY-STEADY-GO!! --.sp
tests/solves/demos/048.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/048.[1].SIM_sol_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/048[2]SIM_sol_Mirek_.sp
tests/solves/demos/049 ---- FALL-FESTIVAL ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/049.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/049.SIM_demo_Mirek_.sp
tests/solves/demos/049[2]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/050 ---- DON'T WORRY!! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/050-feeling strange-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/050.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/050[3]_SIM_D_Mirek_.sp
tests/solves/demos/051 ---- STATE OF MIND ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/051-flight 19-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/051.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/052 --- DO IT YOURSELF! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/052.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/052_SIM_Demo_.sp
tests/solves/demos/053 ------- FILL IN -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/053.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/054 -- CORNER CONFUSION! --.sp
tests/solves/demos/054.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/054[1]_SM.DEMO.sp
tests/solves/demos/055 - Satisfaction!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/055 ---- THE ELDRITCH! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/055-no idea-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/055-no idea-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/055-no idea-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/055-no idea-Demo4.sp
tests/solves/demos/055.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/056 ----- KEEP COOL!! -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/056..2..Sim.demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/056..Sim.demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/056.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/057 --- THOSE WE LIKE!! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/057.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/058 ---- ALL TOGETHER! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/058.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/059 - The proving grounds-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/059 -------- VICE- --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/059.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/059_sim.D.sp
tests/solves/demos/060 -------- VERSA --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/060-don't laugh-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/060.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/061 ---- PRE-IGNITION! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/061.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/061_sim.D.sp
tests/solves/demos/062 -------- GUMBO -------- I've done definitely too much.sp
tests/solves/demos/062.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/063 ---- PHIL'S FIRST! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/063.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/064 ---- THERE YOU GO! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/064-magical work-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/064.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/065 - Emergency - classic style sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/065 ----- PATHFINDER! -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/065-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/065.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/066 ---- ISLAND HOPPER ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/066.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo4.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo5.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 - Magnetic fields-Demo6.sp
tests/solves/demos/067 ---- GET THEM OUT! ---- not all are needed.sp
tests/solves/demos/067.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/068 ----- TOUGH GOING -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/068-trick or treat-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/068-trick or treat-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/068.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/069 ------ HURRY UP! ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/069.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/069[01]smdmmyway-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/069[2]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/069[3]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/070 - TOUGH BUT POSSIBLE! -.sp
tests/solves/demos/070-step aside!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/070.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/071 ----- HEAD-HUNTER -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/071-newton's favourite!-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/071-newton's favourite!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/071.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/071[2]_SIMSOL[1].sp
tests/solves/demos/071[2]_SIMSOL[2].sp
tests/solves/demos/071[2]_SIMSOL[3].sp
tests/solves/demos/071[3]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/071_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/072 --- COMMUNITY WORK! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/072-playing dumb!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/072.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/072[3]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/072[4]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/073 - Surface Tension_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/073 ------- ONE WAY -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/073-love to hate-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/073.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/073[1]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/074 --- INSPIN-OUTSPIN! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/074.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/075 -------- NICE ---------.sp
tests/solves/demos/075.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/076 --- ALL THE FAMILY! ---.sp
tests/solves/demos/076.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/076_THinking hard_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/077 ---- LITTLE DETEIL ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/077-26s077_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/077.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/078 ---- TRANSPORT IT! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/078-26s078-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/078.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/078[1]_SIMSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/079 -- DON'T WASTE THEM! --.sp
tests/solves/demos/079-nervous breakdown-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/079.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/080 -CLASSIC ENTERTAINMENT-.sp
tests/solves/demos/080-winter solstice-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/080.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/081 ------ DIAGONAL! ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/081-26s081_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/081.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/082 - Defense tunnel Sorra-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/082 ---- TIME IS INFO ---- infotrons and bombs left.sp
tests/solves/demos/082-control panel-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/082-control panel-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/082.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/083 ----- FUN-TASTIC! -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/083-26s083_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/083-26s083_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/083-For_Goldberg!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/083.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/084 ---- ALL THAT FUSS ---- no VMware restore needed this time.sp
tests/solves/demos/084-comical work!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/084.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/085 - CPU banks-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/085 - CPU banks_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/085 ---- A PRO'S WORK ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/085-26s085_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/085.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/086 -------- CRASH --------.sp
tests/solves/demos/086-turn the table!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/086.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/087 - CPU coolant-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/087 - CPU coolant-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/087 -- SEE YOU TOMORROW! --.sp
tests/solves/demos/087-26s087-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/087.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/088 ---- FLIP AND FLAP ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/088-26s088-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/088-altitude_problem 21-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/088.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/089 ----- TRIPPLE FORK -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/089-go_toggle-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/089-go_toggle-Demo0.sp
tests/solves/demos/089.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s068.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s079.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s080-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s080.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s081.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s082.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s083.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s109.sp
tests/solves/demos/08s111.sp
tests/solves/demos/090 ----- KNOW THAT [questionmark] -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/090-nirvana.aronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/090.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/091 ----- VOYAGER III -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/091-condor!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/091-condor!.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/091.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/092 - Nemo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/092 HAM AND CHEESE SANDWICH.sp
tests/solves/demos/092-the_reckoning.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/092.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/093 ------- TIMING! ------- Not a VMWare job.sp
tests/solves/demos/093-all_is_lost.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/093-all_is_lost.new.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/093.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/094 -EINSTEIN'S FAVOURITE!-.sp
tests/solves/demos/094-against_authority-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/094.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/095 - Burning RAM-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/095 ------ GOOD LUCK ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/095-empty_quiver!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/095.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/096 ------- CRACKER -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/096-model_t-Demo-KL.sp
tests/solves/demos/096-model_t-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/096-model_t-Demo0.sp
tests/solves/demos/096-model_t-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/096.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/097 ------ GOOD JOB! ------ one infotron left.sp
tests/solves/demos/097-freecell!.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/097.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/098 ----- MIXED SALAD -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/098-best_it-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/098-best_it.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/098.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/099 -- JOYSTICK-HANDLING --.sp
tests/solves/demos/099-earthrise(0)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/099-earthrise-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/099.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/09s029-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-02-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-03-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-04-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-05-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-06-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-07-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-08(2)-Mokkel.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-09-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-10-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-11-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-12%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-12-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-13-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-14-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-15-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-16-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-16-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-17-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/100 --------- IQ! ---------.sp
tests/solves/demos/100-milestone-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/100.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/101 ------- ON-OFF! -------.sp
tests/solves/demos/101.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/102 ----- SUB-EFFECTS -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/102.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/103 ------ KNOW-HOW! ------.sp
tests/solves/demos/103.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/104 -------- CHAOS -------- not hard.sp
tests/solves/demos/104.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/105 ---- ONE'S MISSING ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/105.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/106 - Questionable ethics_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/106 - Questionable ethics_Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/106 - Questionable ethics_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/106 ----- WATCH OUT!! -----.sp
tests/solves/demos/106.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/107 ---- FIND THE WAY! ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/107.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/108 ------- SADISM! ------- one stupid trick makes it easy.sp
tests/solves/demos/108.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/109 - UPSTAIRS-DOWNSTAIRS -.sp
tests/solves/demos/109.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/110 ---- TROUBLE AHEAD ----.sp
tests/solves/demos/110.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/110h-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/111 ------ BRAINMAN! ------ not the hardest in my opinion.sp
tests/solves/demos/111.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/11th-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/12s094-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/12s111-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/12s111sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/13__1__for_YOU_for_GEORG_END-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/13__1__for_YOU_for_GEORG_END-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/16.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/17s086_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/17s103_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/1SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/1a-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/1more.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-01-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-02-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/2-02-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-02_%28incomplete%29_%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-03%282%29-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-03-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/2-03-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/2-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/21.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/2130 - 2250 = 250_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/23.HELP.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s001-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s002-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s003-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s004-Fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s004-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s005-Fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s006-Fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s007-Fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s008-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s009-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s010-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s011-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s012-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s012-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s013-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s014-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s015-MSz.+23.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s015-paekas.+5.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s016-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s017-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s017-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s018-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s019-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s019-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s020-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s020-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s021-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s022-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s022-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s023-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s023-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s024-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s025-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s026-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s026-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s026-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s026-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s027-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s027-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s028-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s029-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s030-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s030-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s031-MSz.+12.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s031-paekas.+12.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s032-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s032-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s032-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s033-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s033-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s034-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s034-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s034-peakas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s035-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s035-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s035-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s036-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s037-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s037-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s037-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s038-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s039-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s040-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s040-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s041-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s042-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s043-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s043-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s044-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s045-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s046-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s046-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s047-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s047-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s048-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s048-pasekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s049-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s050-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s050-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s050-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s051-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s051-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s052-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s053-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s053-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s054-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s056-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s056-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s057-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s057-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s058-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s059-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s060-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s061-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s061-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s062-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s062-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s063-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s063-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s064-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s064-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s065-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s066-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s066-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s069-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s070-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s070-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s072-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s073-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s074-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s074-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s075-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s076-mikerlimbo.+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s077-mikerlimbo(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/24s077-mikerlimbo(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/24s077-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s079-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s080-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s081-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s082-MSz.+12.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s083-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s084-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s086-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s086-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s087-zjeraar.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s088-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s089-zjeraar.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s090-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s091-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s092-MiniEasy1S.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s094-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s095-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s095-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s096-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s097-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s098-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s098-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s099-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s100-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s101-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s101-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s102-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s103-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s103-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s104-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s105-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s106-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s107-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s108-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s109-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s109-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s110-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s110-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s111-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/24s111-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/255!-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/26(2).MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/26s017_sol+47.sp
tests/solves/demos/26s060_sol+some-extra.sp
tests/solves/demos/27.MSz+3.sp
tests/solves/demos/27s002.sp
tests/solves/demos/3-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/32.2.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s001-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s002-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s003-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s004-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s005-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s006-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s007-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s008-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s009-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s010-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s011-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s012-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s013-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s014-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s015-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s016-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s018-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s019-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s020-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s021-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s022-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s023-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s024-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s025-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s026-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s027-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s028-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s029-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s030-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s031-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s032-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s033-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s034-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s035-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s036-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s037-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s038-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s039-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s040-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s041-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s042-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s043-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s044-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s045-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s046-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s047-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s048-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s049-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s050-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s051-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s052-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s053-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s054-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s055-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s056-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s057-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s058-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s059-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s060-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s061-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s062-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s063-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s064-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s065-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s066(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/32s066-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s067-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s068-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s069-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s070-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s071-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s072-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s073-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s074-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s075-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s076-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s077-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s078-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s079-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s080(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s080(3)-kc.+8.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s080(4)-kc.+8.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s080-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s081-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s082-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s083-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s084-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s086-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s087-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s088-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s089-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s090-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s091-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s092-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s093-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s094-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s095-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s096-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s097-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s098-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s099-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s100-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s101-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s102-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s103-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s104-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s105%28first_version%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s105-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s106-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s107-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s108%28first_version%29sol_geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s108-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s109-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s110-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/32s111-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s001.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s002.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s003.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s004(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/33s004.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s005.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s006(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/33s006.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s007.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s008.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s009.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s010.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s011.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s012.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s013.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s014.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s015.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s016.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s017.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s018.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s019.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s020.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s021.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s022-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s023.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s024.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s025.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s026.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s027.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s028.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s029.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s030.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s031.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s032.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s033.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s034.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s035.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s036.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s037.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s038.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s039.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s040.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s041.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s042(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/33s042.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s043.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s044.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s045.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s046.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s047.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s048.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s049.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s050.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s051.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s052.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s053.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s054.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s055.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s056.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s057(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/33s057.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s058.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s059.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s060.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s061.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s062.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s063.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s064.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s065.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s066.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s067.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s068.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s069.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s070(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/33s070.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s071.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s072.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s073.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s074.sp
tests/solves/demos/33s075.sp
tests/solves/demos/34.2.+2.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/39ch.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/3_4-HP(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/3_4-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/3_4-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/3a-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/42modsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/5x5rooms-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/67S017-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s001 ks.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s006 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s006(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s011(2)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s011(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s021again.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s023_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s024+5 ks.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s028-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s030-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s030_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s032(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s036-demo+5.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s042(2)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s042(3)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s042(4)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s048.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s050-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s050_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s052(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s052-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s054-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s055-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s056-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s058_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s067+4_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s072_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s083(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s083-MSz(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/67s083-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s105(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s106_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s107(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s108_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s109-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-3rd-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-4th&5th&6th&maybe_last-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-7th&8th&9th&maybe_last-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-7th&8th&9th&maybe_last-demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-7th&8th&9th&maybe_last_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/67s110-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/77__KMS__001.Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s001-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s008-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s011_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s014_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s021_sol+11.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s021_sol+3.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s097_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s102.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s103.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s104.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s105.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s106.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s107.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s108.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s109.sp
tests/solves/demos/77s110.sp
tests/solves/demos/78S088-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s001.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s002.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s003.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s004.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s005.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s006.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s007.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s008.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s009.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s010.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s011.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s012.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s013.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s014.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s015.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s016.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s017.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s018.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s019.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s020.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s021.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s022.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s023.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s024.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s025.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s026.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s027.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s028.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s029.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s030.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s031.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s032.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s033.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s034.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s035.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s036.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s037.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s038.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s039.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s040.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s041.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s042.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s043.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s044.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s045.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s046.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s047.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s048.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s049.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s050.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s051.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s052.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s053.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s054.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s055.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s056.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s057.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s058.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s059.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s060.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s061.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s062.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s063.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s064.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s065.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s066.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s067.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s068.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s069.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s070.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s071.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s072.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s073.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s074.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s075.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s076.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s077.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s078.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s079.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s080.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s081.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s082.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s083.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s084.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s085.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s086.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s087.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s089.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s090.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s091.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s092.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s093.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s094.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s095.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s096.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s097.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s098.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s099.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s100.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s101.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s102.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s103.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s104.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s105.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s106.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s107.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s108.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s109.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s110.sp
tests/solves/demos/78s111.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s001-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s002-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s002-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s002_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s003-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s003-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s004-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s005-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s005-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s006-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s006-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s007-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s008-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s009-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s009-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s010-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s010-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s010_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s011-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s011-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s012-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s012-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s013-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s014-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s014-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s015-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s016-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s016-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s016-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s017-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s018-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s018-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s020-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s021-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s021-kc.+8.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s022-HP(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/79s022-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s022-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s023-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s024-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s025-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s026-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s027-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s028-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s029-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s029-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s030-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s030-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s031-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s031-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s032-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s032-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s032-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s033-HP(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/79s033-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s033-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s033-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s034-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s035-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/79s036-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/81newsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S001-ACROSS!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S002-EASY ROOM-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S003-SOME PUZZLES-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S004-MORE PUZZLES-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S005-TRICKY! TRICKY! TRICKY!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S006-SMALL CHAMBERS-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S007-BE QUICK! AND THINK!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S008-STONE FOLLOWS MURPHY!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S009-SMALLBAN-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S010-HARDER CROSSING-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S011-ONLY LOGIC AND SPEED-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S012-SOKOBAN-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S013-DISAPPEAR!!!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S014-THE SCISSOR RING-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S015-GIVE ME FIVE!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S016-UNTITLED-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S017-THE SMALL BRAINMAN-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S018-ONLY 100-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S018-ONLY 100_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S018-ONLY 100_solcat -13.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S019-ARE YOU MAD-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S020-DON'T BE GREEDY!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S020-DON'T BE GREEDY!-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S020-DON'T BE GREEDY!-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S021-CAREFUL THINKING-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S022-CRASH+1-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S023-THE BIG BRAINMAN-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S024-SUPPLEMENT FOR MINIEAS1-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S025-FOLLOW THE PATH-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/89S026-USING SCISSOR-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s002-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s003-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s004-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s005-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s006-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s007-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s008-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s009-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s010-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s011-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s012-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s013-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s014-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s015-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s018-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s019-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s022-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s023-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s024-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s025-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s026-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s027-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s028-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s029-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s030-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s031-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s032-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s033-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s034-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s035-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s038-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s039-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s042-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s043-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s044-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s045-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s046-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s047-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s048-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s049-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s050-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s051-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s052-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s053-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s054-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s055-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s058-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s059-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s062-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s063-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s064-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s065-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s066-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s067-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s068-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s069-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s070-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s071-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s072-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s073-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s074-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s075-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s078-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s079-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s080-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s081-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s084-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s085-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s086-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s087-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s088-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s089-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s090-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s091-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s092-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s093-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s096-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s097-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s100-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s101-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s102-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s103-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s106-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/94s107-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/98.40.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/98.63.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/98_46-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/98_46.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/9MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/A or M 2.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/A or M.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/A.S.D.F-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ATOMIC CHOICE-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/AceOfBase-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ahn-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aleksa gravitacija-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aleksa-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ammo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ammo-DemoNoBase.sp
tests/solves/demos/AnotherHP-Level-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aob2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aob3-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Apagon2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Apagon2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Apagon2_sol_with_ch.sp
tests/solves/demos/Apocalipsis-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Apprentissage - 2000.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aron's down they fall 3 +4.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aron's down they fall_sol+3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Aron's down they fall_sol+4.sp
tests/solves/demos/BRAIN TIME-demo+9.sp
tests/solves/demos/BRAIN TIME-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ba_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ba_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Balance - 1932.sp
tests/solves/demos/Bandits - 2058.sp
tests/solves/demos/Basic_Stuff_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Basic_Stuff_modif_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Basic_Stuff_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Be Carefull !(1)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/BeQuickAndThink-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Beware of butterfly-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Beware of butterfly3_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Beware of butterfly_new-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Beware of butterfly_new_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Big Fish-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Big Fish-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Big Fish_final_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Blade - 1835.sp
tests/solves/demos/Blast_And_Blow-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Bm-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Bm2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Bombastic II-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Bombastic-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/BrainTest-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Brainic-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/CAN YOU DO IT (Mikerlimbo) (Solution).sp
tests/solves/demos/Careful2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Centocinque - 3353.sp
tests/solves/demos/Champ de pierre - 3947.sp
tests/solves/demos/Champ de pierre 2 - 2105.sp
tests/solves/demos/Chipstyl-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Clc-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Clonacion Con Brillito-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Collecte - 2391.sp
tests/solves/demos/ComeBackDoor_001.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ComeBack_001.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ComeBack_001_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Compound_Solution-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Contrariete - 2930.sp
tests/solves/demos/Cooperation-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Course - 4294.sp
tests/solves/demos/Cura-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Cura.. it's always the same-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Cura.. it's always the same-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/D41_054_fixed.sp
tests/solves/demos/D41_095_fixed-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/D41_095_fixed.sp
tests/solves/demos/DangerousBridge-mamebg.sp
tests/solves/demos/DangerousVelocity-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Dealing With Sniks(2.2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Dealing With Sniks(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Demo_SZ_1-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Demo_SZ_2-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Demo_SZ_3-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Demo_SZ_4-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Diabo(2)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Diabo2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Different view 27 total-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Different view 30 total-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Different view 32 total-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Diskman-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Don't think...go!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Doomday Mission+8+2_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Doomday Mission+8-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Double jeu - 2744.sp
tests/solves/demos/DownTheyFall2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/DownTheyFall2.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/E's_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/END_13_to_1_for_ALL-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/END_of_FUN_for_GEORG-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/END_of_FUN_for_GEORG-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/EPIC TRIP-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ESM(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ESM(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ESM_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ETUD demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ETUD-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ETUD-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/ETUD-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/ETUD-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy One-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy tricks-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy002(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy003-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy004-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy005-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy006-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy007-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy008-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy009-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy012-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy013-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy014-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy015-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy016-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy017(2)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy017-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy020-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy021-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy021-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy021-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy021_lfsol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy022-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy022-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy022-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy023-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy023-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy023-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy024-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy024-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy032-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy032-lafiesta(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy032-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Easy033-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/EasySoko-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/EasyWay2-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Eigth-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/ElectricSquirrelNuts-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Electric_Express-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Emeraudes - 1526.sp
tests/solves/demos/Escampette - 1894.sp
tests/solves/demos/Etendues - 2801.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ex1%283%29_FSol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ex2_FSol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ex3%281%29_FSol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ex4_FSol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Excelente-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA11sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA13sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA15dmo.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA16-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA16bkdr.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA17sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/FA9s(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/FI-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/FI2-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/FI3-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/FI5-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/FS-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/FS-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall032%5B03%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall033%5B01%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall034%5B01%5D_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall035%5B01%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall037%5B01%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall038%5B01%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall_029%5B05%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fall_032%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern057.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern058.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern059.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern060.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern061.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern062.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern063.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern064.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern065.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern066.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern067.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern068.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern069.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern070.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fern073.sp
tests/solves/demos/Findrightpath2-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Finish_012_for_GEORG(ERROR)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Finish_012_for_GEORG-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fkms-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Flexibility-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For Andrus-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/For Paulo PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For Paulo2 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 009[1]-PM(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 009[1]-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 009[1]-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 009[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 009[1]-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/For all 11-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For kc29th_Small_015_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_001-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_002-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_002[2]-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_003-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_005-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_006-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_007-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_008-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_009[2]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_009[3]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_009[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_012-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_013[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_013[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_015[3]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_015[3]-zzsergant.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_015[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_015_Ex01-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_016[2]-demo+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_016[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_016[5]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_016[6]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_016[7]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_017[1]-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_017[1]-zzsergant.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_017[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[2]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[3]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[4]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[6]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_019[7]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_020[1]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_021[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_022[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_022[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_023[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_023[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_024EXTRA[1]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_024EXTRA[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_024[1]-demo+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_024[2]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_025[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_026[1]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_026[2]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_026[3]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_027[03]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_027[2]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_028[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_028[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_028[3]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_028[3]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_028[4]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_029%5B03%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_029%5B04%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_029[02]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_029[1]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_031%5B01%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/For_all_032%5B01%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Forget_me_not-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Frantic-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze2-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze3-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze4-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze5-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze6-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Freeze7-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fun_Release-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Fuse-GIR.sp
tests/solves/demos/GG!!-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/GG-badzonk.sp
tests/solves/demos/GG-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/GOOD LUCK!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/GOOD LUCK!-lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/GOOD LUCK!_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/GR-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/GT-end-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/GT-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gameboy63_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Garbage(plus1)-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gb63-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Get the Opperfaal_solcat+24.sp
tests/solves/demos/Get these 50+8 my room.sp
tests/solves/demos/Godot-lafiesta(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Godot-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gone_After_Gone-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Good start_solc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gravedad-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gravedad2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Gravity fun-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/HARDGAM(4)-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Haosfall-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hard_Filling-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/HeV-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/HeV-ais.sp
tests/solves/demos/HelHeloo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/HelHeloo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hell for noobs!(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hell for noobs!2_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hell for noobs!_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hfdijsujcuewj.sp
tests/solves/demos/Homesweethome-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hot! (13-14-15)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hot! (13-14-15)-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hot! (13-14-15)-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hot! (13-14-15)-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hrdlvl(2)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hrdlvl(3)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hrdlvl-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Hunting_High_&_Low-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/I WISH-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV(2)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/IVV_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/I_and_you-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/I_and_you.sp
tests/solves/demos/Illusion2-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ilusion PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Important Infotrons-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Impossible_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Inc-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Initiation - 693.sp
tests/solves/demos/Inter-Relations-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Invissok(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Invissok-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Invocation - 4580.sp
tests/solves/demos/Iron2_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/KMS__77_001_Mirek.sp
tests/solves/demos/Kikka! Kikka!_OK-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Kilimba-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Kilimba-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Klost - 3089.sp
tests/solves/demos/Kocon - 4215.sp
tests/solves/demos/Korean Murphysicsismist-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/LTh-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/LTh-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/LawOfStoppedZonkIII-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/LeGLevel1-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/LeGNew1-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/LeGNew2-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/LeGNew3-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Left Right Left!!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/LetsCookThisMonkey-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/LetsCookThisMonkey-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/LetsCookThisMonkey2-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level 17_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level006_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level013(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level016.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level017.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level018.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level019(2)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level019(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level019.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level020.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level021(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level021.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level022.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level023.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level024.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level025_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level026.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level027.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level028.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level029.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level030.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level031.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level032.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level033.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level034.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level035.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level036.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level037.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level038.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level039.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level040.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level041.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level042.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level043.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level044.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level045.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level046.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level047.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level048.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level049(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level049.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level050.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level051.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level052.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level053.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level054.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level055.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level056.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level057.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level058(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level058.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level059(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level059(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level059.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level060.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level061.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level062.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level063.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level064.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level065.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level066.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level067(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level067.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level068.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level069.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level070.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level071.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level072.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level073.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level074.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level075.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level076.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level077.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level078(new)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level078(old)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level078-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level080.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level081.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level082.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level083.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level084.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level085.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level086(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level086.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level087.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level088.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level089.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level08_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level090.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level091(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level091.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level092.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level093.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level094.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level095.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level096.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level097.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level098.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level099(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Level099.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level09_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level100.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level101.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level102.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level103.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level104.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level105.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level106.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level107.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level107FromOldSet-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level108.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level10_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level10_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level110.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level111.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level11_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level12_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level12_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level13_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level15_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level16_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level1_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level2_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level3_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level4_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level5_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level6_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level7_mnmorita92%28sol%29.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level7_mnmorita92-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level7_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level8_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level9_mnmorita92-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/LevelIdeaPart1_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/LevelIdeaPart2_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/LevelIdeaPart3_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Level_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Lippy-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Lippy.sp
tests/solves/demos/Little nightmare - 1018.sp
tests/solves/demos/Little one_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/Little one_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Littledetail-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Littledetail-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/ME1.MSz.+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/MH1.MSz..sp
tests/solves/demos/MH2.MSz..sp
tests/solves/demos/MH3.MSz..sp
tests/solves/demos/MIKERLIMBO-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN47.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN48-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN54-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN55(2)-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN55-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIN57(3)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIREK SZTUCZKA 2-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MIREK_SZTUCZKA-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MSA2- 2.sp
tests/solves/demos/MSA2- 3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Maitrise - 2168.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mass Destruction_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH17_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH18_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH19_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH21_sksol+3.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH23_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH24_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH25[1].2_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH25_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH26_new_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH27_sksol+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH31_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MdH9_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Me1mys.sp
tests/solves/demos/Memory2(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Memory2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Microsok-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 1-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 10-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 2-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 2_demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 3 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 3.Bis.Bis-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 3.Bis.Bis.-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 3.bis.bis-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 3Bis PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 4 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 7 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi Hard 8 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Midi hard 6 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard 11-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard 18_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard22-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard28-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard29-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MidiHard30-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mimina-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mimina_final-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min49.MSz.Sol.3th.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min49.MSz.Sol.Bis.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min49.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min50-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min51-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min51-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min52-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Min53-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MindTheGap(0)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/MindTheGap-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MindTheGap-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini 5-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Easy 1 Demo-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Easy 1 Demo-demo-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 1-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 1-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 10 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 10-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 11 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 11-demp.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 12 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 12-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 12.bis-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 12.bis.SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 13-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 14 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 14.SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 15 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 15-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 16 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 17 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 17-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 17.SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 19 PM Sol +3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 2+1_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 2-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 20 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 21 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 22 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 27 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 27-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 27-demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 3-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 4-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 5 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 5-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 6 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 6-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 7 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 8 PM Sol +1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 8-demo-plus5.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 8-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 9 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Hard 9-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini HardMSz29 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini HardMSz30 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Stone-Age-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini Stone-Age2 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini33.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini34.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini35.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini36.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini37.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini38.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini39.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini40.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini41.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini42.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini43.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini44.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mini45.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard 49_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard 51_sol+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard.MSz.31..sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard100-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard101-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard101-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard102-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard103-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard104-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard105-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard106-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard107-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard108-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard108-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard109-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard109-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard110-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard111-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard113-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard114-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard2-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard23-Sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard24-Sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard28-Sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard31-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard31-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard32-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard33-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard34-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard35-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard36-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard37-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard38-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard44-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard45-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard46-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard47-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard48-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard53-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard54-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard55(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard56-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard57-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard58-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard59-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard60-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard63-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard64-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard65-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard65-mamebg.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard66-mamebg.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard67(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard67-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard68-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard68-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard69-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard70-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard70-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard71-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard72-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard73-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard73-mamebg.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard75-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard76-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard77-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard78-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard79-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard80-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard81-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard81-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard82(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard82-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard82-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard83-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard83-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard84-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard84-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard85-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard85-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard86-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard87-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard89-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard90-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard90-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard91-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard92-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard94-2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard95-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard96-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard96-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard97-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard98-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/MiniHard99-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mis-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mist III-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mist IV(mod)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mist IV-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/MoreCrazyHarry-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Mos.sp
tests/solves/demos/Move on the sounds!!!_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/MurphyScreams-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Murphyp-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/My first steps-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms 50+11 but 3 sniksnaks.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms 50+13 but 3 sniksnaks.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms-DemoPlus9-2.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms-DemoPlus9.sp
tests/solves/demos/My rooms_sol-cat.sp
tests/solves/demos/NG-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/NG2-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/NO WAY MUSTARD!_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/NO_13__0__for_GEORG-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/New Levels-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/New central - 4295.sp
tests/solves/demos/Newbrain-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Newbran2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Newlevel(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Newlevel-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nightmare - 1721.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nineth2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ninety-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nitron - 1944.sp
tests/solves/demos/NoRest%283%29sk_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/NoRest(4)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/NoRest-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/NoRest-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/No_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nocturne - 1537.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nohomi 3.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nth-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Nth-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nth-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nuke(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nuke-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Nuke-DemoHard.sp
tests/solves/demos/OM-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/OhOhOh-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/OhOhOh-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/OhOhOh_sol-cat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ok with 50+9 but then.sp
tests/solves/demos/Olympics+15-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ombre noire - 6985.sp
tests/solves/demos/Only 110H-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Only255ToEat-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Onoroff SOLVED!.sp
tests/solves/demos/Onoroff-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Orgasmic-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Orgasmic-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Outils - 3831.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM0039-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM0039-constructed-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM0045-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM005S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM006S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM007S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM012S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM015S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM022S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM023S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM025S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM028S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM031S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM033S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PM034S.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPARE2-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPARE3-PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPARE6-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPARE7-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPARE8-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/PREPAREF-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Panic_Attack-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Passage rouge 2 - 5692.sp
tests/solves/demos/Patabang-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Patabang-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Patabang.sp
tests/solves/demos/Patabang_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Pathfind(4)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Perfectly_Placed(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Perfectly_Placed-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-HP2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-HP3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-gir-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety-kc2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Persnickety2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Portmaz2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Portmaze-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Preparef-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Primavera-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Primavera-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Problemas-andrus.sp
tests/solves/demos/Problemas-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/QE-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Quart - 2681.sp
tests/solves/demos/Quick-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Quickjob-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/ROCKMUR2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/RP%282%29%5B%2B1%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/RP%283%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/RUN2-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Rad_aron1-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Read_and_go-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Read_and_go.sp
tests/solves/demos/Readthebibble-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Readthebibble-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Readthebibble-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Rel03-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Road-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Rocks - 5501.sp
tests/solves/demos/Rudiments - 1577.sp
tests/solves/demos/Run-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Run2.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/RunAndCreateSpace-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/RunAndCreateSpace2-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Runexit-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/S12LSOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/S13(2)_bdoor.sp
tests/solves/demos/S2PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/S3PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/SHW-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/SHW-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/SHW-zjeraar.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.015.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.017.2.MSz.+6.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.018.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.019.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.020.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.021.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.025.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.026.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.027.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.031.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM.033.M.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIM77sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/SIU%282%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/SK02 PM Sol +1.sp
tests/solves/demos/SK02-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/SL4-2SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/SL5-3SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/SM012SOL.sp
tests/solves/demos/ST%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/ST-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/STAIRS-mokkel.sp
tests/solves/demos/SZ-Fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/SZsup-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sacrifice - 1558.sp
tests/solves/demos/Salad-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Save One SnickSnack.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/SaveOneSnikSnak-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Seventh-HP(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Seventh-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 04 PM sol(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 04 PM sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 05 PM sol(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 05 PM sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 09.Bis.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 10 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Short level 18-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/ShortLevel07.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim...012.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim001.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim002.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim003.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim005.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim006.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim009+1.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sim010.MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simp81-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple001-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple001-sorks.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple002-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple007-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple008-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple009-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple010(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple010-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple011-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple013-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple014-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple015-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple022-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple023-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple024-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple025-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple026-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple026-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple027-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple027-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple027-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple028-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple035_suplplement-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple036-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple037(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple039-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple039-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple041-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple041-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple044(7)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple044-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple046-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple049(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple050(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple050(3)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple050-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple051-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple053(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple053-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple053-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple054-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple055-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple056(2)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple056(3)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple056(4)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple056(5)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple056-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple057-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple058(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple058(3)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple058-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple058-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple058-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple059-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple060-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple061-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple062-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple063-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple069-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple070-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple070-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple071%287%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple072(2)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple072(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple072(3)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple072-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple073(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple074(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple074-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple075-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple076(5)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple076-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple077-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple078(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple079(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple084%286%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple084(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple084(3)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple084(3)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple084-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple085%284%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple085(2)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple085-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple086-088%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple086-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple086-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple088%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple088-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple089%282%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple089%283%29-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple089-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091%282%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091%283%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091%284%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091(5)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091(6)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091(7)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple091-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple092%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple092%282%29_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple092%283%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple092-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple093%282%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple093%283%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple093%284%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple093-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple095-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple096(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple096-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple097_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple098(2)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple098(3)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple098(9)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple098(B)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple098_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099%283%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(3)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(4)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(4)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(5)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(6)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099(6)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Simple099_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sire serpent - 5792.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sixth-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Slh.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small 002-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small 012.BIS-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small 012[1].BIS_sol+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small 044[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small006-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small007-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small008-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small009-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small009BIS-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small010-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small011-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small012-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small012[1].(maybe not)LAST!!!!_sol+3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small012[1].LAST_sol+4.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small012forGeorg-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small012forGeorg-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small013-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small013_version2th-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small014-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small015-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small019[3]_sol+1-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small[2]_019-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_016_for_PAULO_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_019-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_020-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_024_for_GEORG-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_025-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_027-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_028-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_029-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_030-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_031-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_032-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_033-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_034-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_035-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_036-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_037-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_038-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_039-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_040-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_044[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_044[3]-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_044[3]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_044[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_044[5]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_045[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[1]-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[3]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[4]-anotherdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[4]-demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[4]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[5]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[6]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[7&LAST]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[LAST VERSION]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[LAST VERSION_IMPROVED]-geoo89(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_046[LAST VERSION_IMPROVED]-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_047[1]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_047[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_047[3]_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_048[1]-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_048[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_049[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_050[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[3]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[4]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[5]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[5]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_051[5]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[12]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[2]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[3]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[5]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[5]-zzsergant.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[6]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_052[7]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_053[3]-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_053[4]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_053[5_&_last]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_054[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_055[1]-demo+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_055[9]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[1]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[2]-zzsergant.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[3]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[3]-demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[3]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[4]-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_056[GAME OVER]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_057[1]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_057[2]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_059[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_059[3]-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_060[1]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_060[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_061[+]_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_061[3]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_061[4]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_061[5]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_061[6]_lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[4]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[4]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[5]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[6]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[7]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[7]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_062[7]_lfsol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_063[1]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_064[1]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_064[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_064[3]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_065[NEW]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_065[NEW]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_065[NEW]-lafiesta2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_066[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_066[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_066[3]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_066[3]_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_066[4]-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_067[1]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_067[2]-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_067[3]-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_[2]042-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_[3]041-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Small_[4]041-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Snik Run!-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Snik snake - 2696.sp
tests/solves/demos/Snikkism-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Snikkism-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sokoban(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sokoban-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Sokoban2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some10-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some11-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some11h_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some12-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some12h-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some12h_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some13(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some13-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some13_hard(2)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some13h_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some14-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some15-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some16-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some17-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some18-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some19-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some20-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some21-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some22(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some22-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some23-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some24-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some25-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some26-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some27-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some28-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some29-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some30-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some4-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some5-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some6-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some7-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some8-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Some9-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Spaces - 1853.sp
tests/solves/demos/Speed Run-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Standard Snak_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/Star Rider.MSz.Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Start-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Successful detonation-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/SuperCombination-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Superlevel1-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Superlevel2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Superlevel3-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Surfer2-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/T-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/T2-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/T3-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/T4-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/T4-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/TAKE YOUR TIME-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/TAKE YOUR TIME[2]__sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TBONTB-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/TBONTB3-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(3)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(4)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(4)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(5)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(5)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(6)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(6)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(7)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(7)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(8)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC(8)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TC_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TD(0)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TD(2)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TD_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TD_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TD_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/THE RED ZONE-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TIny39(2)-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/TR%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TR(2)-zjeraar.sp
tests/solves/demos/TR-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/TTI-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/TWO LITTLE FRIENDS-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tactique - 1416.sp
tests/solves/demos/Take_Order-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Take_Order-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Take_Order_lfsol1.sp
tests/solves/demos/Take_Order_lfsol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tasja-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Taxing(104)_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tcnq-01_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tcnq-02-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tcnq-02-modified-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tcnq-02-modified_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tcnq-02_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Teamwork-mnmorita92.sp
tests/solves/demos/The Little_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/The May storm-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/The Mazes(2)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/The Puzzles-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/The Puzzles-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/The Puzzles-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/The secret-Demo+10.sp
tests/solves/demos/The_Blockade-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/The_Glass_Shop_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/These_Walls-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timerunner different-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timing%283%29-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timing%5B3%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timing(2)-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timing(4)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Timing-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny 39 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny 40 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny 44 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny01-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny03-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny09-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny35-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny41-Paulomatoso.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny42-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tiny43-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/TinySoko-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/To Georg-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/To be or...02(01)_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/TooEasyForLvl15-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tooeasy-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Trick_33.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tricky002-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Tricky2-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/TrikZ001(2)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/TrikZ001-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Trouble_new.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truands - 1683.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth is out there 2.2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth is out there 2[1].2_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-geoo89(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-sol-kc(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/Truth-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/TryT2 (bugfixed)-demo+16.sp
tests/solves/demos/TryT2-demo+17.sp
tests/solves/demos/TryT2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/TryThis-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Try_012_for_Georg-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/Try_next_012_for_Georg-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Trythis-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/Twist_Of_Fate-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/URSA MAJOR 3_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/USE YOUR BRAIN!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Undergo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Undergo-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/Undergo-Demo3.sp
tests/solves/demos/UpAndDownII 2_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Ver.B.016_for_PAULO_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Very Small-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Very Small-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/Very Small-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Vey-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Vey-ais.sp
tests/solves/demos/Vey_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Vitesse - 870.sp
tests/solves/demos/Voleurs - 2554.sp
tests/solves/demos/WB-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Warning! Mines!-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste(3)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste(4)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste(5)-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Waste3-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/Way - 1882.sp
tests/solves/demos/Welkom Terug!!-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Why-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Why-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Witmt-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/WorkAtFirst-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/X-X-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/Yellow_Liberate-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/Yorkshire_Pudding_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/Youcan't(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Youcan't-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zem-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zem-ais.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zero-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonk Puzzle-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonk zonk - 3223.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonkbank-herman_perk.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonkbank-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonkbank-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/Zonker1-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]002_all-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]023_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]024_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]036_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]061_sim.D.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]Small_025_sol+1.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]Small_034-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]Small_035_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]Small_040-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]Small_041-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_027-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_028-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_029-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_029.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_032-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_033-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_036-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_037-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[2]_Small_039-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]056_sim_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]Small_025-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]Small_034-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]Small_035-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]_Small_027-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[3]_Small_032-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[4]035_Small-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/[4]056_sim_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/[4]_Small_035-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/[5]056_sim_demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/across-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/across2-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/agorafobia-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/also for me max room 50+4.sp
tests/solves/demos/also for me max room 50.sp
tests/solves/demos/alternative-way-impossible.sp
tests/solves/demos/aob4-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ays-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/bank_and_forth-sol-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss(2)-lafiesta(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss(2)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss(3)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss(4)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss(5)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/basicss-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/betterst-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/bg-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/bg-mokkel(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/brainman-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/brainman_again-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/btc-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/calipso-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/chambermusic-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/chase-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/chase2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/cheat2.sp
tests/solves/demos/chicago-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/chicago-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/clearing-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/clearing-zzsergant.sp
tests/solves/demos/comedor-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/comedor-full-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/confusio-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/constr-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/constr-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/constrs.sp
tests/solves/demos/crap-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/criscro2-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/criscros-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/cruci-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-002-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-003-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-017-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-029-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-030-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-036-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-054-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-055-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-058-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-067-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-074-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-085-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-090-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-095-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-100-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-106-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41(2)-107-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-001-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-002-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-003-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-004-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-005-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-006-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-007-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-008-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-009-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-010-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-011-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-012-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-013-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-014-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-015-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-015-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-016-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-017-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-018-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-019-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-020-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-021-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-022-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-023-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-024-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-025-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-026-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-027-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-028-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-029-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-030-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-031-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-032-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-033-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-034-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-035-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-036-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-037-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-038-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-039-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-040-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-041-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-042-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-043-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-044-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-045-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-046-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-047-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-048-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-049-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-050-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-051-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-052-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-053-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-054-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-055-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-056-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-057-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-058-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-059-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-060-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-061-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-062-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-063-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-064-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-065-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-066-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-067-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-068-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-069-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-070-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-071-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-072-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-073-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-074-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-075-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-076-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-077-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-078-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-079-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-080-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-081-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-082-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-083-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-084-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-085-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-086-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-087-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-088-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-089-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-090-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-091-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-092-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-093-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-094-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-095-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-096-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-097-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-098-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-099-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-100-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-101-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-102-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-103-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-104-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-105-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-106-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-107-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-108-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-109-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-110-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/d41-111-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/dead.sp
tests/solves/demos/delaying-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/demo61.sp
tests/solves/demos/dhnp_correct-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/dilemma-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/disappear-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/disappear-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/disks-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/dtbg-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/dungeon-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy025-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy026-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy026-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(2)-kc2.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(2)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(3)-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(4)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(6)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027(7)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy027[5]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy028-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy029-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy030-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy031-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/easy17-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/easygame-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/exercise3-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/exercise3-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/expthink-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/extrae-s-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/extrael2-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/extrael2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/extraele-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/fa30sups.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B03%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B04%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B05%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B05%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B06%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B08%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B09%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030%5B10%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030[07]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030[12]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall030[13]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall032%5B04%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall032%5B05%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall032%5B06%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall032%5B07%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall033%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall034%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall035%5B02%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall036%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall037%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall037%5B03%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall037%5B04%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall037%5B05%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall038%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall039%5B01%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall039%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B01%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B03%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B04%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B06%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041%5B07%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall041[05]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B01%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B02%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B04%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B05%5D_sol1.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B05%5D_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042%5B06%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042[03]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042[07]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall042[08]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall043%5B01%5D_sol1.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall043%5B01%5D_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall044[01]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall044[01]-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall045[01]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall045[01]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall046[01]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall046[01]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall046[02]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall046[03]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall046[04]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall047[01]_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fall047[02]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fast and triangel2_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/fast and triangel2_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/fast and triangel_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/father-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fea(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fea-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/fifth-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/first-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/float2.sp
tests/solves/demos/for me max room 50-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/for me max room 50-Demo1.sp
tests/solves/demos/forpaulo_PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/fourth-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/freeze_sp.sp
tests/solves/demos/freeze_special_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy104-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(4)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-PM(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-fin_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-geoo89(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/gameboy63(5)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/get all-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/goingdow(2)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/good solution lvl15.sp
tests/solves/demos/grassho2-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/greeneaz-baszonk.sp
tests/solves/demos/greeneaz-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/greenmaz-badzonk.sp
tests/solves/demos/greenmi2-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/greenmil-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig001s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig002s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig004s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig005s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig006s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig007s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig008s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig009s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig010s(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/grig010s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig011s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig012s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig013s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig014s.sp
tests/solves/demos/grig015s.sp
tests/solves/demos/hardgam(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/hardgam2-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/hardgam3-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/hardgame-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/havoc-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/hititryt-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/how_fast_can_you_eat-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/how_fast_can_you_eat-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/how_fast_can_you_eat156_sol+10.sp
tests/solves/demos/how_fast_can_you_eat156_sol+4.sp
tests/solves/demos/howtodo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/htm.sp
tests/solves/demos/idea-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ill_make_it_better_kc(For_kc)-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/impend-kms.sp
tests/solves/demos/impos-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/indoubt_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/indoubt_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/introducing_freezing-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/ironcross-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/ironcross-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/ironcross_supplement-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/ivv_.sp
tests/solves/demos/ivv_t-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/kc-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/kc1st-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/keep_open_solcat+4.sp
tests/solves/demos/knight1-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/knight1-paekas.sp
tests/solves/demos/knowhow-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/knowhows.sp
tests/solves/demos/l109-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/l_w_h_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/lcsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/level supaaaa level 2 megaplex handled-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/level supaaaa level 2 megaplex handled-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/level01-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/level01-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level02-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level03-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level04-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level05-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level06-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level07-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level08-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/level08-Demo2.sp
tests/solves/demos/level08-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level09-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level10-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/level11-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/leveldemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level001.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level002.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level003.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level004.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level005.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level006.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level007.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level008.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level009.sp
tests/solves/demos/levels d.50 demo - Level010.sp
tests/solves/demos/lf-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/littlepleasure-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/littlepleasure_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/llo-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/long_way_home-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/maaike-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/maaike1-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/maaike2-fernando.sp
tests/solves/demos/magic-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/maximumbreak-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mch_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/mechani2-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/mechani3_PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/mechanic-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/mini23 dwnd_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/minia2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/minia3-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn01-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn02-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn03-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn04-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn05-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn06-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn07-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn08-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn09-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn10-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn11-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mn12-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mobiplat-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/moreTiming%282%29-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/moreTiming%283%29-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/moreTiming%284%29_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/moreTiming%285%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/moreTiming-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/mylevel%282%29_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/mylevel-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/myst-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/myst-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/myst_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/myst_sol2.sp
tests/solves/demos/myster2-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/mystery-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/new levels 1-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/new levels 2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/new6 sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/new6a-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/newyear-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/ninrth2-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/nopox-Demo-KL.sp
tests/solves/demos/normalga-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/notMini-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/nothing-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/nothing2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/nueva(2)-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/nueva-sol-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/oldfield-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/one.sp sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/onemore.sp
tests/solves/demos/ontheway_fixed hard-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/ontheway_fixed-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/orig94v2.AronLsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/orig94v2_sol+13.sp
tests/solves/demos/orig94v2_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/otherway.sp
tests/solves/demos/own levels 5A-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/own set level 2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/own set level 3-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/owoa2-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/pfe-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/pfe-moonsoft.sp
tests/solves/demos/problemy-sztuczka.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzleEE2-geoo89(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/puzleEE2-geoo89(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/puzleEE2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzleEE3-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzleEE4-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzle01-F.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzle01-andy5.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzle01-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzleEE-sol-kc(1).sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzleEE-sol-kc(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzleEE-sol-kc(3).sp
tests/solves/demos/puzzleEE-sol-kc(4).sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide1-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide2-Mokdemo(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide2-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide2-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide3-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide3-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide4-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide5(2)-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/pyramide5-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/qusi_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/rainbow-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/regresos.sp
tests/solves/demos/rest-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/ruquick-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/saga-HP.sp
tests/solves/demos/scissor-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/second-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/second-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/seehow(3)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/seehow(3)_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/seehow-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/serpentis-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/show_nueva_intented_way.sp
tests/solves/demos/sim94sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/simpl(2)-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/simpl-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/simpl2-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/simple1-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/slc-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm044[07]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm044[08]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm044[09]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm044[10]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm044[11]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064%5B07%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064%5B08%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064%5B09%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[10]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[11]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[12]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[13]-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[14]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[15]-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm064[16]-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm067%5B08%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm067%5B09%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm067%5B11%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm067%5B12%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm067[13]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm068%5B01%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm58-Z-s.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_044%5B6%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_051[6]_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_051[7]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_055[13_=_oh_my_God]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_064%5B05%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_064%5B06%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_066[5]_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_067%5B06%5D_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_067[04]_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_068%5B02%5D_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/sm_068[01]_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/smal55+_Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/smal55+_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/small012trulylast-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/smalllevel-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/smalllevel2-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/smalllevel3-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/smalllevel4-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/smalllevel5-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/sokko-demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/sokoban3-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/some12(h)-mybest-edit.sp
tests/solves/demos/sonic+19-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/stoneage_PMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/stonedmikerlombo.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol001.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol002.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol003.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol004.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol005.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol006.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol007.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol008.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol009.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol010.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol011.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol012.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol013.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol014.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol015.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol016.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol017.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol018.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol019.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol020.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol021.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol022.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol023.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol024.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol025.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol026.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol027.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol028.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol029.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol030.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol031.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol032.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol033.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol034.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol035.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol036.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol037.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol038.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol039.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol040.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol041.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol042.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol043.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol044.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol045.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol046.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol047.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol048.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol049.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol050.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol051.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol052.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol053.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol054.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol055.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol056.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol057.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol058.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol059.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol060.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol061.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol062.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol063.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol064.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol065.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol066.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol067.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol068.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol069.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol070.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol071.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol072.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol073.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol074.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol075.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol076.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol077.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol078.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol079.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol080.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol081.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol082.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol083.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol084.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol085.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol086.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol087.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol088.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol089.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol090.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol091.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol092.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol093.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol094.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol095.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol096.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol097.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol098.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol099.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol100.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol101.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol102.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol103.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol104.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol105.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol106.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol107.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol108.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol109(2).sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol110.sp
tests/solves/demos/supaplex-mnmsol111.sp
tests/solves/demos/supasoka-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/teamwork-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/testsol-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/tetl-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/tgs-KMS.sp
tests/solves/demos/thinkaboutthat 2 PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/thinkaboutthat PM Sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/thinkaboutthat-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/thinkaboutthat2-MSz.sp
tests/solves/demos/third-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/three.sp sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/timebase-(touched_only_8).sp
tests/solves/demos/timebase.sp
tests/solves/demos/timerun2-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/tinlog01-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/tinlog02-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/tinlog03-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/tinlog04-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/tiny44-kc_sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/tiot2-PM.sp
tests/solves/demos/tl-mnsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick17.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick18.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick19.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick2.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick23.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick30.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick31.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick32.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick34.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick35.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick36.sp
tests/solves/demos/trick37.sp
tests/solves/demos/tricky-lafiesta.sp
tests/solves/demos/two.sp sol.sp
tests/solves/demos/unexpec_lfs.sp
tests/solves/demos/way1.sp
tests/solves/demos/way2.sp
tests/solves/demos/way3.sp
tests/solves/demos/wayd2-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/wayd2-mikerlimbo.sp
tests/solves/demos/wayd3-Demo.sp
tests/solves/demos/wayd3_lfsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/wayd3_sksol.sp
tests/solves/demos/what's_right(2)-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/what's_right(3)-Mokdemo.sp
tests/solves/demos/what's_right(3)-geoo89.sp
tests/solves/demos/what's_right-kc.sp
tests/solves/demos/whateverzzz_solcat.sp
tests/solves/demos/whoru_Fsol.sp
tests/solves/demos/zc-sorka.sp
tests/solves/demos/zonkiwonki_sksol.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08S001.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S002.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S003.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S004.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S005.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S006.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S007.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S008.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S009.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S010.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S011.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S012.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S013.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S014.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S015.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S016.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S017.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S018.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S019.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S020.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S021.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S022.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S023.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S024.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S025.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S026.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S027.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S028.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S029.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S030.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S031.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S032.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S033.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S034.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S035.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S036.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S037.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S038.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S039.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S040.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S041.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S042.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S043.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S044.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S045.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S046.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S047.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S048.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08S049.SP
tests/solves/solve08/08s050.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s051.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s052.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s053.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s054.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s055.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s056.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s057.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s058.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s059.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s060.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s061.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s062.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s063.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s064.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s065.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s066.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s067.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s068.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s069.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s070.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s071.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s072.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s073.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s074.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s075.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s076.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s077.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s078.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s079.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s080.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s081.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s082.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s083.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s084.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s085.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s086.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s087.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s088.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s089.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s090.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s091.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s092.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s093.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s094.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s095.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s096.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s097.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s098.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s099.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s100.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s101.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s102.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s103.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s104.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s105.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s106.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s107.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s108.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s109.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s110.sp
tests/solves/solve08/08s111.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09S001.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S002.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S003.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S004.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S005.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S006.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S007.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S008.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S009.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S010.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S011.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09S012.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s013.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s014.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s015.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s016.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s017.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s018.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s019.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s020.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s021.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s022.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s023.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s025.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s026.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s027.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s028.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s029.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s030.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s031.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s032.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s033.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s034.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s035.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s036.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s037.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s038.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s040.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s041.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s042.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s043.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s044.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s045.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s046.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s047.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s048.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s049.SP
tests/solves/solve09/09s050.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s051.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s052.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s053.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s054.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s055.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s056.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s057.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s058.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s059.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s060.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s061.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s062.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s063.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s064.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s065.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s066.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s067.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s068.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s069.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s070.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s071.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s072.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s073.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s074.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s075.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s076.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s077.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s078.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s079.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s080.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s081.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s082.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s083.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s084.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s085.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s086.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s087.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s088.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s089.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s090.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s091.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s092.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s093.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s094.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s095.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s096.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s097.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s098.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s099.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s100.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s101.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s102.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s103.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s104.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s105.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s106.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s107.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s108.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s109.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s110.sp
tests/solves/solve09/09s111.sp
tests/solves/solve10/10S001-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S001-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S002-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S002-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S003-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S003-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S004-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S004-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S005-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S005-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S006-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S007-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S008-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S009-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S010-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S011-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S012-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S012-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S013-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S014-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S015-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S016-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S017-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S018-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S019-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S020-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S021-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S022-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S023-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S024-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S025-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S026-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S027-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S028-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S029-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S030-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S031-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S032-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S033-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S034-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S034-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S035-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S036-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S037-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S038-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S039-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S040-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S041-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S042-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S043-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S044-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S045-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S046-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S047-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S048-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S049-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S050-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S051-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S052-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S053-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S054-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S055-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S056-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S057-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S058-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S059-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S060-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S061-0.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S061-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S062-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S063-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S064-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S065-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S066-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S067-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S068-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10S069-1.SP
tests/solves/solve10/10s070.sp
tests/solves/solve11/11S001-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S002-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S003-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S004-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S005-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S006-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S007-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S008-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S009-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S010-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S011-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S012-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S013-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S014-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S015-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S016-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S017-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S018-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S019-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S020-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S021-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S022-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S023-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S024-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S025-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S026-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S027-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S028-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S028-1.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S029-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S030-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S031-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S032-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S033-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S034-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S035-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S036-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S037-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S038-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S039-0.SP
tests/solves/solve11/11S040-0.SP
tests/solves/solve12/12s001.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s002.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s003.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s004.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s005.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s006.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s007.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s008.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s009.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s010.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s011.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s012.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s013.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s014.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s015.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s016.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s017.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s018.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s019.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s020.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s021.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s022.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s023.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s024.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s025.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s026.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s027.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s028.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s029.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s030.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s031.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s032.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s033.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s034.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s035.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s036.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s037.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s038.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s039.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s040.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s041.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s042.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s043.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s044.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s045.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s046.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s047.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s048.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s049.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s050.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s051.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s052.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s053.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s054.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s055.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s056.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s057.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s058.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s059.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s060.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s061.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s062.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s063.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s064.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s065.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s066.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s067.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s068.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s069.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s070.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s071.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s072.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s073.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s074.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s075.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s076.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s077.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s078.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s079.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s080.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s081.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s082.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s083.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s084.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s085.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s086.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s087.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s088.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s089.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s090.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s091.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s092.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s093.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s094.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s095.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s096.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s097.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s098.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s099.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s100.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s101.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s102.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s103.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s104.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s105.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s106.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s107.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s108.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s109.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s110.sp
tests/solves/solve12/12s111.sp
tests/solves/solve27/27s001.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s002.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s003.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s004.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s005.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s006.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s007.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s008.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s009.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s010.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s011.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s012.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s013.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s014.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s015.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s016.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s017.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s018.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s019.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s020.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s021.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s022.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s023.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s024.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s025.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s026.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s027.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s028.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s029.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s030.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s031.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s032.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s033.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s034.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s035.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s036.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s037.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s038.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s039.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s040.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s041.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s042.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s043.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s044.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s045.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s046.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s047.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s048.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s049.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s050.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s051.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s052.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s052HP.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s053.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s054.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s055.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s056.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s057.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s058.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s059.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s060.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s061.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s062.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s063.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s064.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s065.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s066.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s067.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s068.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s069.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s070.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s071.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s072.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s073.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s074.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s075.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s076.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s077.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s078.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s079.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s080.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s081.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s082.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s083.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s084.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s085.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s086.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s087.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s088.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s089.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s090.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s091.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s092.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s093HP.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s094.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s095.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s096.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s097.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s098.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s099.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s100.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s101.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s102.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s103.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s104H1.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s104HP.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s105.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s106.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s107HP.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s108.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s109.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s110.SP
tests/solves/solve27/27s111.SP
tests/solves/solve92/92s001-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s002-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s003-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s004-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s005-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s006-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s007-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s008-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s009-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s010-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s011-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s012-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s013-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s015-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s016-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s017-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s018-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s019-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s020-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s021-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s022-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s023-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s024-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s025-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s026-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s027-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s028-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s029-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s030-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s031-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s032-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s033-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s034-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s035-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s036-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s037-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s038-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s039-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s040-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s041-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s042-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s043-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s044-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s045-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s046-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s047-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s048-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s049-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s050-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s051-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s052-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s053-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s054-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s055-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s056-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s057-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s058-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s059-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s060-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s061-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s062-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s063-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s064-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s065-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s066-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s067-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s068-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s069-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s070-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s070-1.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s071-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s072-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s073-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s074-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s075-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s076-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s077-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s078-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s079-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s080-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s081-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s082-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s083-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s084-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s085-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s086-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s087-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s088-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s089-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s090-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s091-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s092-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s093-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s094-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s095-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s096-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s097-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s098-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s099-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s100-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s101-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s102-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s103-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s104-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s105-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s106-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s107-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s108-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s109-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s110-0.sp
tests/solves/solve92/92s111-0.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S001ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S002ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S003ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S004ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S005ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S006ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S007ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S008ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S009ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S010ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S011ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S012ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S013ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S014ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S015ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S016ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S017ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S018ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S019ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S020ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S021ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S022ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S023ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S024ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S025ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S026ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S027ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S028ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S029ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/93S030ab.sp
tests/solves/solve93/readme.txt
tests/solves/solve94/94S001-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S016-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S017-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S020-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S021-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S036-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S037-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S040-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S041-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S056-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S057-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S060-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S061-0.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S061-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S076-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S077-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S082-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S083-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S094-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S095-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S098-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S099-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S104-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S105-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S108-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S109-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S110-1.SP
tests/solves/solve94/94S111-1.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S001.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S002.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S003.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S004.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S005.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S006.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S007.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S008.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S009.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S010.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S011.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S012.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S013.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S014.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S015.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S016.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S017.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S018.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S019.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S020.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S021.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S022.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S023.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S024.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S025.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S026.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S027.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S028.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S029.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S030.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S031.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S032.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S033.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S034.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S035.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S036.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S037.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S038.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S039.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S040.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S041.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S042.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S043.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S044.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S045.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S046.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S047.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S048.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S049.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S050.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S051.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S052.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S053.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S054.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S055.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S056.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S057.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S058.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S059.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S060.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S061.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S062.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S063.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S064.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S065.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S066.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S067.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S068.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S069.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S070.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S071.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S072.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S073.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S074.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S075.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S076.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S077.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S078.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S079.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S080.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S081.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S082.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S083.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S084.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S085.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S086.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S087.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S088.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S089.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S090.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S091.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S092.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S093.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S094.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S095.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S096.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S097.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S098.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S099.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S100.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S101.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S102.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S103.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S104.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S105.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S106.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S107.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S108.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S109.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S110.SP
tests/solves/solve95/95S111.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S001-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S002-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S003-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S004-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S005-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S006-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S007-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S008-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S009-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S010-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S011-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S012-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S013-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S014-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S015-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S016-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S017-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S018-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S019-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S020-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S021-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S022-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S023-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S024-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S025-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S026-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S027-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S028-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S029-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S030-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S031-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S032-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S033-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S034-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S035-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S036-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S037-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S038-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S039-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S040-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S041-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S042-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S043-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S044-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S045-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S046-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S047-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S048-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S049-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S050-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S051-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S052-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S053-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S054-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S055-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S056-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S057-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S058-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S059-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S060-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S061-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S062-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S063-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S064-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S065-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S066-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S067-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S068-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S069-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S070-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S071-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S072-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S073-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S074-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S075-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S076-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S077-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S078-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S079-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S080-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S081-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S082-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S083-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S084-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S085-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S086-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S087-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S088-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S089-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S090-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S091-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S092-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S093-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S094-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S095-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S096-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S097-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S098-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S099-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S100-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S101-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S102-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S103-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S104-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S105-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S106-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S107-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S108-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S109-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S110-1.SP
tests/solves/solve96/96S111-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S001-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S002-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S003-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S004-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S005-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S006-0.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S006-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S007-0.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S007-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S008-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S009-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S010-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S011-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S012-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S013-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S014-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S015-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S016-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S017-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S018-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S019-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S020-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S021-0.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S021-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S022-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S023-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S024-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S025-0.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S025-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S026-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S027-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S028-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S029-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S030-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S031-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S032-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S033-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S034-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S035-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S036-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S037-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S038-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S039-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S040-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S041-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S042-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S043-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S044-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S045-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S046-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S047-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S048-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S049-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S050-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S051-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S052-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S053-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S054-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S055-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S056-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S057-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S058-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S059-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S060-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S061-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S062-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S063-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S064-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S065-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S066-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S067-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S068-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S069-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S070-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S071-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S072-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S073-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S074-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S075-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S076-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S077-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S078-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S079-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S080-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S081-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S082-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S083-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S084-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S085-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S086-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S087-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S088-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S089-1.SP
tests/solves/solve97/97S090-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S001-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S002-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S003-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S004-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S005-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S006-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S007-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S008-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S009-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S010-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S011-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S013-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S014-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S015-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S016-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S017-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S018-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S019-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S020-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S021-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S022-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S023-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S024-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S025-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S026-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S027-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S028-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S029-0.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S030-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S031-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S032-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S033-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S034-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S035-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S036-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S037-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S038-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S039-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S040-0.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S040-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S041-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S042-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S043-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S044-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S045-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S046-0.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S046-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S047-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S048-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S049-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S050-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S051-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S052-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S053-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S054-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S055-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S056-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S057-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S058-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S059-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S060-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S061-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S062-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S063-0.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S063-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S064-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S065-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S066-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S067-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S068-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S069-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S070-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S071-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S072-1.SP
tests/solves/solve98/98S073-1.SP
vita/CMakeLists.txt
vita/appstore/OpenSupaplex-vita-appstore.zip
vita/appstore/description.txt
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-1.png
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-2.png
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-3.png
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-4.png
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-5.png
vita/appstore/screenshots/OpenSupaplex-vita-6.png
vita/ci-build-vita.sh
vita/ci-install-vitasdk.sh
vita/sce_sys/icon0.png
vita/sce_sys/livearea/contents/bg.png
vita/sce_sys/livearea/contents/startup.png
vita/sce_sys/livearea/contents/template.xml
wasm/Makefile
wii/Makefile
wii/assets/icon.png
wii/assets/meta.xml
wii/ci-build.sh
wiiu/Makefile
wiiu/assets/icon.png
wiiu/assets/meta.xml
wiiu/ci-build.sh
windows/Makefile
windows/Makefile.sdl1
windows/OpenSupaplex.ico
windows/OpenSupaplex.rc
windows/ci-build.sh
windows/ci-prepare.sh
