.gitattributes
.github/workflows/pages.yml
.gitignore
CMakeLists.txt
COPYING
ChangeLog
Graphite.cmake
LICENSE
README.md
Todo.txt
contrib/C#/NGraphite.sln
contrib/C#/NGraphite/AssemblyInfo.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/AttrCode.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Bidirtl.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/BreakWeight.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/CharInfo.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Encform.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Face.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/FaceOptions.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/FeatureRef.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Featureval.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Font.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Graphite2Api.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/JustFlags.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/NGraphite.csproj
contrib/C#/NGraphite/NGraphite.dll.config
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Segment.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphite/Slot.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/CharInfoTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/FaceTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/FeatureRefTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/FeaturevalTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/FontTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/GeneralTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/Graphite2ApiTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/NGraphiteTests.csproj
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/SegmentTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/SlotTests.cs
contrib/C#/NGraphiteTests/TestConstants.cs
contrib/C#/README
contrib/android.README
contrib/envsetup.sh
contrib/perl/Build.PL
contrib/perl/Changes
contrib/perl/MANIFEST
contrib/perl/META.yml
contrib/perl/examples/gr2fonttest.pl
contrib/perl/examples/typeset.pl
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2.xs
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/CharInfo.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/Face.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/FeatureRef.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/FeatureVal.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/Font.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/Segment.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/Gr2/Slot.pm
contrib/perl/lib/Text/typemap
contrib/perl/ppport.h
contrib/perl/t/00-load.t
contrib/perl/t/pod-coverage.t
contrib/perl/t/pod.t
debian-src/build
debian-src/changelog
debian-src/compat
debian-src/control
debian-src/copyright
debian-src/libgraphite2-3-dbg.lintian-overrides
debian-src/libgraphite2-3.dirs
debian-src/libgraphite2-3.install
debian-src/libgraphite2-3.lintian-overrides
debian-src/libgraphite2-dev.dirs
debian-src/libgraphite2-dev.install
debian-src/libgraphite2-dev.lintian-overrides
debian-src/libgraphite2-doc.docs
debian-src/libgraphite2-doc.lintian-overrides
debian-src/libgraphite2.dirs
debian-src/libgraphite2.install
debian-src/libtext-graphite2-perl.examples
debian-src/rules
debian-src/source/format
doc/CMakeLists.txt
doc/GTF-docinfo.xml
doc/GTF.adoc
doc/OpCodes.adoc
doc/Segment JSON Schema.json
doc/building.adoc
doc/calling.adoc
doc/features.adoc
doc/font.adoc
doc/full.cfg
doc/glyph_string.odg
doc/glyph_string.png
doc/graphite.css
doc/guardspace.png
doc/guardspace.svg
doc/hacking.adoc
doc/intro.adoc
doc/manual.adoc
doc/public.cfg
doc/release.adoc
doc/testing.adoc
gr2fonttest/CMakeLists.txt
gr2fonttest/UtfCodec.cpp
gr2fonttest/UtfCodec.h
gr2fonttest/gr2FontTest.cpp
graphite2.pc.in
include/graphite2/Font.h
include/graphite2/Log.h
include/graphite2/Segment.h
include/graphite2/Types.h
python/fuzzbidi.py
python/graphite2/__init__.py
setup.py
site/Gemfile
site/Gemfile.lock
site/LICENSE
site/README.md
site/_config.yml
site/_includes/footer_custom.html
site/_includes/search_placeholder_custom.html
site/_sass/color_schemes/graphite.scss
site/_sass/custom/custom.scss
site/_sass/custom/setup.scss
site/assets/fonts/AwamiNastaliq-Demo.ttf
site/assets/fonts/Padauk-Demo.ttf
site/assets/fonts/Padauk-Demo.woff2
site/assets/fonts/Simple-Graphite-Font.ttf
site/assets/images/Gr_home_topic_1.jpg
site/assets/images/Gr_home_topic_1.png
site/assets/images/Gr_home_topic_2.png
site/assets/images/Gr_home_topic_3.png
site/assets/images/Gr_home_topic_4.jpg
site/assets/images/attachmentPoints.png
site/assets/images/favicon.ico
site/assets/images/fontdemo_awami.jpeg
site/assets/images/fontdemo_padauk.png
site/assets/images/graide10_1_shifting.png
site/assets/images/graide11_1_nonAsciiText.png
site/assets/images/graide12_2_addAP.png
site/assets/images/graide12_3_insertCluster.png
site/assets/images/graide12_4_dragStationary.png
site/assets/images/graide12_5_dragMobile.png
site/assets/images/graide13_1_features.png
site/assets/images/graide1_1_createProject.png
site/assets/images/graide1_2_glyphTab.png
site/assets/images/graide1_3_buildSucceed.png
site/assets/images/graide1_4_runHelloWorld.png
site/assets/images/graide1_5_clickRule.png
site/assets/images/graide2_1_newGdlFile.png
site/assets/images/graide3_1_passesTestsTabs.png
site/assets/images/graide3_2_passesGlyphTabs.png
site/assets/images/graide3_3_PassesTestsTab2.png
site/assets/images/graide3_4_RulesTab.png
site/assets/images/graide3_5_RulesHighlightRule.png
site/assets/images/graide4_1_rulesMultiple.png
site/assets/images/graide6_1_runSavedTest.png
site/assets/images/graide7_1_glyphAttribute.png
site/assets/images/graide9_1_userAttr.png
site/assets/images/graphite_arch_diagram.png
site/assets/images/graphite_tut_ex12c.png
site/assets/images/logo_Bloom.png
site/assets/images/logo_FieldWorks.jpeg
site/assets/images/logo_Firefox.jpeg
site/assets/images/logo_LibreOffice.png
site/assets/images/logo_OpenOffice.jpeg
site/assets/images/logo_PaleMoon.jpeg
site/assets/images/logo_Paratext.png
site/assets/images/logo_Xetex.jpeg
site/assets/images/otcompare_nastaliqComponents.jpeg
site/assets/images/otcompare_speedtest.jpeg
site/assets/resources/ConakryFont.zip
site/assets/resources/CuneiformGraphiteFont.zip
site/assets/resources/GDL.pdf
site/assets/resources/GraphiteTutorialPkg_v6.zip
site/assets/resources/PigLatinGraphiteFont.zip
site/assets/resources/SilGraphite_AppProgGuide.pdf
site/assets/resources/SimpleGraphiteFont.zip
site/graide.md
site/graide_tutorial.md
site/graphite_about.md
site/graphite_aboutOT.md
site/graphite_aboutWhy.md
site/graphite_apps.md
site/graphite_appsParent.md
site/graphite_codeSnippets.md
site/graphite_contact.md
site/graphite_dev.md
site/graphite_devApp.md
site/graphite_devFont.md
site/graphite_download.md
site/graphite_firefox.md
site/graphite_fontdemo.md
site/graphite_fonts.md
site/graphite_news.md
site/graphite_otcompare.md
site/graphite_support.md
site/graphite_techAbout.md
site/graphite_tutorial_wo_graide.md
site/indep_top_level.md
site/index-test.md
site/index.md
site/parent/child.md
site/parent/index.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial1.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial10.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial11.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial12.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial13.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial14.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial15.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial16.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial17.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial18.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial2.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial3.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial4.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial5.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial6.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial7.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial8.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial8a.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial9.md
site/tutorial/graide_tutorial_end.md
site/tutorial/graphite_tut_solutions.md
site/tutorial/graphite_tutorial1.md
src/CMakeLists.txt
src/CmapCache.cpp
src/Code.cpp
src/Collider.cpp
src/Decompressor.cpp
src/Face.cpp
src/FeatureMap.cpp
src/FileFace.cpp
src/Font.cpp
src/GlyphCache.cpp
src/GlyphFace.cpp
src/Intervals.cpp
src/Justifier.cpp
src/NameTable.cpp
src/Pass.cpp
src/Position.cpp
src/Segment.cpp
src/Silf.cpp
src/Slot.cpp
src/Sparse.cpp
src/TtfUtil.cpp
src/UtfCodec.cpp
src/call_machine.cpp
src/direct_machine.cpp
src/files.mk
src/gr_char_info.cpp
src/gr_face.cpp
src/gr_features.cpp
src/gr_font.cpp
src/gr_logging.cpp
src/gr_segment.cpp
src/gr_slot.cpp
src/inc/CharInfo.h
src/inc/CmapCache.h
src/inc/Code.h
src/inc/Collider.h
src/inc/Compression.h
src/inc/Decompressor.h
src/inc/Endian.h
src/inc/Error.h
src/inc/Face.h
src/inc/FeatureMap.h
src/inc/FeatureVal.h
src/inc/FileFace.h
src/inc/Font.h
src/inc/GlyphCache.h
src/inc/GlyphFace.h
src/inc/Intervals.h
src/inc/List.h
src/inc/Machine.h
src/inc/Main.h
src/inc/NameTable.h
src/inc/Pass.h
src/inc/Position.h
src/inc/Rule.h
src/inc/Segment.h
src/inc/Silf.h
src/inc/Slot.h
src/inc/Sparse.h
src/inc/TtfTypes.h
src/inc/TtfUtil.h
src/inc/UtfCodec.h
src/inc/bits.h
src/inc/debug.h
src/inc/json.h
src/inc/locale2lcid.h
src/inc/opcode_table.h
src/inc/opcodes.h
src/json.cpp
tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/bittwiddling/CMakeLists.txt
tests/bittwiddling/bits.cpp
tests/comparerenderer/CMakeLists.txt
tests/comparerenderer/CompareRenderer.cpp
tests/comparerenderer/FeatureParser.h
tests/comparerenderer/Gr2Renderer.h
tests/comparerenderer/RenderedLine.h
tests/comparerenderer/Renderer.h
tests/comparerenderer/RendererOptions.h
tests/corrupt.py
tests/defuzz
tests/endian/CMakeLists.txt
tests/endian/endiantest.cpp
tests/examples/CMakeLists.txt
tests/examples/cluster.c
tests/examples/features.c
tests/examples/freetype.c
tests/examples/linebreak.c
tests/examples/simple.c
tests/featuremap/CMakeLists.txt
tests/featuremap/featuremaptest.cpp
tests/fnttxtrender
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2.ttf
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/annapurna.gdl
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/annapurna_features.gdh
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/annapurna_main.gdh
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/Annapurnarc2/stddef.gdh
tests/fonts/AwamiNastaliq-Regular.ttf
tests/fonts/Awami_compressed_test.ttf
tests/fonts/Awami_test.ttf
tests/fonts/Awami_test/Awami_test.gdx
tests/fonts/Awami_test/awami.gdl
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_classes.gdh
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_cntxlClasses.gdh
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_complexShapes.gdh
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_positioning.gdh
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_rules.gdl
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_separateNuqtas.gdh
tests/fonts/Awami_test/nastaliq_shaping.gdh
tests/fonts/Charis5_eursub.ttf
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG.ttf
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/ChangeLog
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/GPL.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/LICENCE.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/OFL.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/README
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/doc/FEATURES.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/doc/fontfeatures.odt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/doc/fontfeatures.pdf
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/doc/hu/magyarlinuxlibertine.pdf
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/mg.gdl
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/origfiles/Bugs
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/origfiles/ChangeLog.txt
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/origfiles/Readme
tests/fonts/MagyarLinLibertineG/origfiles/Readme-TEX.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk.ttf
tests/fonts/Padauk/Padauk.pdf
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/Padauk/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3.ttf
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/PigLatinBenchmark_v3/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr.ttf
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/Scheherazadegr_noglyfs.ttf
tests/fonts/charis_fast.ttf
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr.ttf
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/charis.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/charis_r_glyphs.gdl
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/charis_r_gr.pdf
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/charis_r_src.ttf
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_classes.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_cmap.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_enginecode.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_fsm.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_glyphattrs.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_parsetree.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/dbg_ruleprec.txt
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/features.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/fontSpecific.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/greek_recompose.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/main.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/pitches.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/pua.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/stddef.gdh
tests/fonts/charis_r_gr/test.gdh
tests/fonts/general.ttf
tests/fonts/general/general.gdl
tests/fonts/general/lowerascii.ttf
tests/fonts/grtest1gr.ttf
tests/fonts/small.ttf
tests/fonts/tiny.ttf
tests/full-fuzz-test.sh
tests/fuzz-tests/Annapurnarc2/udhr-hin/Bad pass offset.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Annapurnarc2/udhr-hin/Corrupted ATTR_SET justifiaction level.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Annapurnarc2/udhr-hin/Corrupted Gloc-Glat offset array.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Annapurnarc2/udhr-hin/Nested CNTXT_ITEM.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Annapurnarc2/udhr_nep/Corrupted slot index.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Awami_compressed_test/awami_tests/Compression scheme corruption.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Awami_test/awami_tests/fuzzfont-r.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/CMakeLists.txt
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad Action.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad Gloc header flags.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad final action code offset.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad hhea_num_long_hor_metrics.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad maxp_numGlyphs.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Bad pass offset.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Corrupted ATTR_SET justifiaction level.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Corrupted Glat offset array.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Corrupted Gloc-Glat offset array.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Corrupted constraint code.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Padauk/my_Headwords/Uninitialised vm stack guard area.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Scheherazadegr/udhr_arb/Bad Gloc header flags.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/Scheherazadegr/udhr_arb/Corrupted Gloc-Glat offset array.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/charis_r_gr/udhr_eng/Bad cmap.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/charis_r_gr/udhr_eng/Corrupted Gloc-Glat offset array.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/charis_r_gr/udhr_eng/Nested CNTXT_ITEM.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/charis_r_gr/udhr_eng/Zero num settings Feature.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/gr-fuzzer-font.cpp
tests/fuzz-tests/gr-fuzzer-segment.cpp
tests/fuzz-tests/graphite-fuzzer.hpp
tests/fuzz-tests/hairball.py
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/font/Annapurnarc2_utf32.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/font/Awami_test_utf32.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/font/Padauk_wtri=1_utf16.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/font/Scheherazadegr_utf8.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/font/charis_r_gr_utf16.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Annapurnarc2_utf32_udhr_hin_ltr.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Annapurnarc2_utf8_udhr_nep_ltr.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Awami_compressed_test_utf16_awami_tests_rtl.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Charis5_eursub_utf8_udhr_eng_ltr.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Padauk_utf8_my_HeadwordSyllables_ltr.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/Scheherazadegr_utf32_udhr_arb_rtl.fuzz
tests/fuzz-tests/libfuzz-corpus/segment/charis_r_gr_utf16_udhr_yor_ltr.fuzz
tests/fuzzcomparerender
tests/fuzztest
tests/grlist/CMakeLists.txt
tests/grlist/grlisttest.cpp
tests/grlist/intervalsettest.cpp
tests/hbspeeds
tests/json/CMakeLists.txt
tests/json/jsontest.cpp
tests/jsoncmp
tests/nametabletest/CMakeLists.txt
tests/nametabletest/nametabletest.cpp
tests/run-fuzz-tests.sh
tests/sparsetest/CMakeLists.txt
tests/sparsetest/sparsetest.cpp
tests/standards/annacmp1.json
tests/standards/annapurna_nep.log
tests/standards/awamicmp1.json
tests/standards/awamicmp2.json
tests/standards/charis.log
tests/standards/charis1.json
tests/standards/charis1.log
tests/standards/charis2.json
tests/standards/charis2.log
tests/standards/charis3.json
tests/standards/charis3.log
tests/standards/charis4.json
tests/standards/charis4.log
tests/standards/charis5.json
tests/standards/charis5.log
tests/standards/charis6.json
tests/standards/charis6.log
tests/standards/charis7.json
tests/standards/charis7.log
tests/standards/charis8.json
tests/standards/charis8.log
tests/standards/charis_feat.log
tests/standards/charis_yor.log
tests/standards/chariscmp1.json
tests/standards/chariscmp2.json
tests/standards/general1.json
tests/standards/general1.log
tests/standards/grtest1.json
tests/standards/grtest1.log
tests/standards/jsontest.log
tests/standards/magyar1.json
tests/standards/magyar1.log
tests/standards/magyar2.json
tests/standards/magyar2.log
tests/standards/magyar3.json
tests/standards/magyar3.log
tests/standards/padauk.log
tests/standards/padauk1.json
tests/standards/padauk1.log
tests/standards/padauk10.json
tests/standards/padauk10.log
tests/standards/padauk11.json
tests/standards/padauk11.log
tests/standards/padauk12.json
tests/standards/padauk12.log
tests/standards/padauk2.json
tests/standards/padauk2.log
tests/standards/padauk3.json
tests/standards/padauk3.log
tests/standards/padauk3Windows.log
tests/standards/padauk4.json
tests/standards/padauk4.log
tests/standards/padauk5.json
tests/standards/padauk5.log
tests/standards/padauk6.json
tests/standards/padauk6.log
tests/standards/padauk7.json
tests/standards/padauk7.log
tests/standards/padauk8.json
tests/standards/padauk8.log
tests/standards/padauk9.json
tests/standards/padauk9.log
tests/standards/padauk_feat.log
tests/standards/padauk_ulon.log
tests/standards/padaukcmp1.json
tests/standards/piglatin.log
tests/standards/piglatin1.json
tests/standards/piglatin1.log
tests/standards/scheherazade_arb.log
tests/standards/scher1.json
tests/standards/scher1.log
tests/standards/scher2.json
tests/standards/scher2.log
tests/standards/scher3.json
tests/standards/scher3.log
tests/standards/scher4.json
tests/standards/scher4.log
tests/standards/scher5.json
tests/standards/scher5.log
tests/standards/scher_feat.log
tests/standards/schercmp1.json
tests/texts/awami_tests.txt
tests/texts/my_HeadwordSyllables.txt
tests/texts/test_small.txt
tests/texts/udhr_arb.txt
tests/texts/udhr_eng.txt
tests/texts/udhr_hin.txt
tests/texts/udhr_nep.txt
tests/texts/udhr_yor.txt
tests/trace2svg
tests/utftest/CMakeLists.txt
tests/utftest/utftest.cpp
tests/vm/CMakeLists.txt
tests/vm/basic_test.cpp
